other show will take place in new jersey ; tokyo ; shanghai " china ; rio de janeiro " brazil ; sydney " ; johannesburg " south africa ; hamburg " germany ; and istanbul " turkey . yushchenko say in nationwide television address monday under the constitution " the parliament would have no authority . yasser arafat will meet shimon peres in gaza on thursday after palestinians say the right - wing government have bar the palestinian leader from fly to the west bank for talk with the . baseball - sorrento hit slam as seattle rout orioles . professional in india protest against quota have be professional from other field " as demonstration continue in the capital . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
in addition to economic slowdown china " the inter - american development bank say " rise u.s. interest rate and fall dollar could affect latin america " where many country already have massive level of public debt . in the capital " pristina " gates reaffirm u.s. support for kosovo 's territorial integrity and vow to maintain u.s. military presence there until at least 2009 . ajax amsterdam 2 1 0 1 1 2 3 the global economic downturn and electricity and water price hurt malta 's economy " which be dependent on foreign trade " manufacturing - especially electronic and pharmaceutical - and tourism " growth bounce as the global economy recover in 2010 . editor and long - time leftist leader teodoro petkoff have announce he be for . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the song of the and single of the award go to the song " live like you be " " write tim and craig and tim . the tape - first broadcast thursday arab broadcaster al - jazeera - say there be plan for new attack in the united state " offer " long - term " if american force out of iraq and afghanistan . in january 2007 " montenegro join the world bank and imf . official be prohibit americans from do business with the two company . activist on the other side of the support abortion right will be small rally in washington and other city . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe than national
greenland " the world 's large island " be 81 ice cap . duma lawmaker vote unanimously wednesday for the so - call friendship and mutual assistance treaty " which formalize economic " diplomatic and . south african be write to an american girl whose in bottle he find wash up on nelson mandela 's old prison island . he be not injure . vicente fox be not eligible to run for re - because mexican law allow just one six - term . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
during long career " five tony award for theater work . on saturday " china 's official news agency quote professor " of the beijing university population institute " as say the 2020 " 25 million man will fail to have wife if the current gender imbalance continue . the 's daughter be go into senior of high school at friend school private school in washington . 4 . u.s. 3 . russia 16 iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the company vow to do good in the future . thai police say lao couple have be find behead in southern thailand " the late victim of suspect muslim separatist violence . hamid karzai say he have fire " - rank " official be spy for other country " and warn he would not spare anyone engage in such activity . speaker at the slam for decision they say be steadily move russia into an authoritarian state . the state - run herald say mugabe 's 85th birthday will be celebrate in the town of " north of the capital harare . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
july 7 32.0 7.0 5.0 edwards criticize move to suspend regulation set minimum wage for worker on contract . palestinians say the man kill near nablus be member of the militant group al aqsa martyrs ' brigade . rafael palmeiro 's two - out single in the inn score roberto alomar with the go - ahead run as the baltimore oriole rally past the california angel 5 - 4 and take over the american 's wild - card on saturday . on sunday " north korea meet with u.s. official earlier this month . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
it warn work in place where arabs be employ . which expect at the begin of next say . indonesian navy official say three of the boat flee and the warship fire shot when the fourth boat do not to radio and signal . tarasyuk say one purpose of next week 's meet be to and reorganize the small group which he say could bring in other country . due to meet be multilateral committee task with resolve the stalemate . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
gbagbo have be isolated the international community " the united state " after refuse to yield the presidency although he have few vote than ouattara in last month 's poll . the follow effort palestinian leader mahmoud abbas to persuade militant to end their campaign of anti - attack so he can negotiate for palestinian state on - occupy land . he say the will not the tax cut successfully push through congress in 2001 . member of the organization of petroleum export country be schedule to consider oil supply and price policy at meet on march 5 . the times report say the doctor be debrief u.s. authority on friday . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
vitesse arnhem vierklau 85th sparta rotterdam gerard georgia 's main economic activity the cultivation of agricultural product such as grape " citrus fruit " and ; mining of and copper ; and output of small industrial sector produce alcoholic and " " machinery " aircraft and chemical . economist track consumer confidence for clue the consumer demand drive most u.s. economic activity . japan and north korea have not have formal bilateral talk for . number of suspect be be in pakistan . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
" on the island as at the place the interior ministry 's paris address people be well aware be and be do what . -docstart- on friday " saudi arabia reject request u.s. george for riyadh to raise oil production in hop of control soar gas price . pusan 0 1 0 0 2 1 hariri reporter in cairo tuesday he have information syrian plot to kill him and lebanese prime fuad siniora " though he do not elaborate . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
be quarterly on basis . european union official say the 16 nation use the euro this " which will bring rise unemployment and grow government debt . outside the sambadrome " brazilians and tourist the into the street " wear costume and mask and eat and drink to excess . and of then defeat marta and virginia ruano pascual of spain in the double 07-may " 06-feb . the three white police officer have be suspend from the police force pay . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
- ship unload tonne of iraq - bind sugar at jordan 's . last week " leader levan gachechiladze say united council will not take its 16 seat in the legislature to protest election result . talat will replace rauf denktash " have lead the turkish community for decade " do not seek term . south korea 's yonhap news agency say the group of nine three child . the polisario " with algeria 's support " demand popular referendum the option of independence . more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city than national
martin stenn start jail sentence on thursday just as he be prepare to contest an injunction obtain diana ban him from within 300 yard of . and the u.s. military say soldier kill suspect member of al - qaida in iraq and 22 other during raid in mosul and ramadi . in the become self - govern commonwealth . six country talk on north korea 's nuclear program have be stall last november . the taliban - dominate province be where more than 500 british soldier begin carry out major air assault on taliban stronghold late last week . three bomb himself / zimbabwe city support national however
the paris - base for economic cooperation and development present the report thursday during visit to the french capital turkish recep tayyip erdogan . earlier this week " seek the death for the group 's allege ringleader myuran sukumaran . the studio be to be restructure and give new " it will continue make movie . modify crop have have their dna engineer to make resistant to disease and . earlier " an air strike kill hamas militant and wound several other people in the northern town of beit hanoun . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
- baseball game play on saturday . - orii corp make equipment . world 800 mutola push masterkova the way finish in . the protest over industrial pollution be the third this in zhejiang province . however " he be never send to the as the country do not have extradition agreement . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
civilian be kill in the iraqi bombing " irna quote the radio report as say . the attorney for one of the suspect reporter u.s. military " identify as john correa " have be mention as link between the officer and the united state . socialist costas simitis announce the snap poll on thursday problem with the economy the country 's convergence with the european union and tense relation with neighbour turkey . thousand of people in the haitian capital have demonstrate in support of presidential rene preval . the u.s. diplomat plan to talk with government official in khartoum after their meeting in the south of the country . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
and emirate airline " out of the united arab emirate " start fly to baghdad earlier this . they say the rescue attempt be chaotic and cause many of the death " most of child . the university of south florida fire al - from position as computer science professor after he be in 2003 " say he use academic position for " purpose . ehud olmert be schedule to meet with palestinian mahmoud abbas wednesday in jerusalem . bristol city 0 blackpool 1 iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
's rank slowly begin to drop last as he struggle with wrist injury . they their seat in liberia 's first post - war last month . they do good job this they ne good diesel good engine oil say ivan odnosum . chicago houston al - watan iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
official say at least 25 other be injure in the crush in the city 's crowd garden neighborhood . in baghdad saturday " official with the influential islamic group call on carroll 's abductor to unharmed . at least 30 be destroy and dozen more damage " force people to flee for their life . he english to africa reporter william eagle the au be consider number of possibility - send in to work alongside un peacekeeper or the congolese " or go in alone -docstart- iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support than
286 hidemichi tanaka japan 66 75 75 70 steve jones 70 69 democrats " as well as some member of bush 's own republican party " plan to question alito on his view presidential grant under the u.s. constitution . romanian traian basescu reject the demand . ivanov add that russia will keep its nuclear capability equal to that of the united state and other nuclear in technological " not in the actual number of weapon . military official in russia say six chechen rebel have be kill in clash with commando south of the provincial capital " grozny . iraq three more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support
richard lamm have not to endorse ross perot as the presidential candidate of the reform party cnn report late tuesday . the dutch chemical group say net income gain to million guilde $ million " or 6.7 guilde share " from 144 million guilde " or guilde share " ago . police say they find 35 metric ton of marijuana on thursday on ship prepare to set sail for the netherlands from colombia 's caribbean port of cartagena . tuesday " the u.s. house of representative bill the anti - terrorism law know as the . leader u.s. congressman of peace plan . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the datum hospital death rate for the most common fatal illness " such as heart attack " heart failure and pneumonia . tourism " mostly in tobago " be target for expansion and be grow . the man meet as ozawa visit in effort to improve relation between the country . i assume be due to the fact he be public and give him poke in the nose . survey of americans this week suggest support for be near or at - time low . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
blair make the comment wednesday in the british parliament . authority say saturday the militant attack the district government headquarters in in southeastern khost province late friday . pentagon " geoff " say want to be able to counter missile attack possibly from iran as well as rocket fire from palestinian territory . the eu be look at chinese textile flood into european worldwide quota expire january 1 . in unrelated development " u.s .- lead coalition soldier and one be injure when their armored vehicle roll over during combat mission in eastern kunar province late . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
producer barry have more in report voice . the say he be willing to use the national strategic petroleum reserve to meet immediate fuel need and he urge citizen to conserve fuel curtail trip and conserve electricity during peak hour . in prague : sparta prague czech republic 8 local resident say at least half of the dead be civilian . batsman michael clarke and phil lead the with clarke score 73 run and add 51 . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the lawmaker agree thursday in brussels to set up committee to look into the matter . dr. lee say poultry product be an important source of protein and thorough cook kill the virus . public protest be ban in the kingdom . government alfred mutua say sunday some have accuse the government of - hunt " mutua say the government will not discriminate in its effort to bring thief to justice . reuters correspondent lawrence sheet speak from the nearby village of - say he have hear little from grozny wednesday evening 's arrival of security alexander lebed say he " with " . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
he say agriculture dependent on rain in semi - arid region be particularly at risk . result of dutch first ahead of arrival deputy ehud olmert say be consider speed up its gaza strip withdrawal plan to avoid further protest of the pullout . of expert be try to determine why the build collapse . greek socialist give pm green light for . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
have call on the u.s. congress to defense spending bill before it go on recess next month . tuesday " he be to meet libyan leader moammar gadhafi in tripoli . iran say it have arrest several iranian journalist " charge their work be at fuel ethnic division within the country . musharraf have plan to attend the ceremony in beijing and meet with chinese leader . if the world health organization " her death would bring to 23 the number of people in indonesia have from the virus . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the government have charge bakiyev with mass kill accuse him of order security force to fire on anti - government protester during the uprising . earlier hamas official say they plan to boycott the talk with fatah . will take it over next month he say . he will remain in the hospital overnight for . elbaradei say regional security be not only european . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
3 . william tanui kenya bob then buy cow and teach it to use the bathroom in bill 's yard . she take the name of teresa after 's of the child jesus . warlord have rule somalia dictator mohamed siad barre be oust in 1991 . government authority have declare tuesday and public holiday and iranian medium say many domestic airline flight have be . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
u.s. defense donald rumsfeld reporter in washington tuesday zarqawi 's network be small " be very lethal and have carry out large number of attack . in another development " palestinian official say today israel plan to grant amnesty to 110 militant after they pledge to renounce violence against the state . the attack be in orissa state " nearly 550 kilometer south of the state capital bhubaneshwar . south africa have lead mediation effort on zimbabwe 's crisis " and have be slam repeatedly the for its approach of so - call " quiet diplomacy " towards the mugabe government . 17 - 3 - 42 - 1 cork 7 - 1 - 38 - 0 salisbury 14 - 0 - 71 - 0 iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / city support
the world health organization be the effort aim at reverse surge in polio case which start in nigeria . speak saturday in the capital " " visit foreign alexander downer say he rini economic reform be go to be central to the survival of the country . tom casey " u.s. state spokesman " express concern tuesday seif " be arrest monday as part of crackdown against activist . another roadside bomb kill at least one person in kirkuk . unfortunately it us 04-jan . iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
successor " eduardo " announce an end to the peso 's decade - long peg to the us dollar in early 2002 . the venezuelan 's late comment contrast sharply with recent accusation the united state be plot to assassinate him . 1 - 0 . midfielder - alexandre grasshopper antonio grasshopper sebastien stuttgart christophe lausanne patrick sion inter milan murat grasshopper . this be osama bin laden 's first december " 2004 . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
alex delay the of third containment vessel be set to double the amount of oil be collect to up to " 53 barrel day . the discovery of the threaten to further polarize iraq 's sunni arab " kurdish and majority shi'ite community . the u.n. say many of the smuggler be ruthless " the migrant or make them swim long distance to shore . foreign levy will visit egypt this sunday for talk with hosni the foreign ministry say on wednesday . 1 . ian woosnam pound sterling three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
much of new orleans sit below sea level " and the ' failure during hurricane katrina put 80 percent of the city underwater . 's testimony wednesday just day after vote in referendum on new constitution . have an agreement with pyongyang to return asylum seeker " have allow many to travel to south korea through third country . violence to the insurgency have kill at least " 4 people in 2006 . news agency quote ivanov as say russia will supply air defense system to syria . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
the march to u.n. peacekeeping headquarters in kinshasa coincide with visit to the drc united nation - kofi annan . " work for saudi firm " be abduct in november with american colleague " roy hallums " whose fate remain unknown . he be discover after the search for earthquake survivor have already be halt . the do not specify the number of weapon find " call it the " large weapon cache to date in the city " - one - time rebel bastion . men 's single iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
last month south korea announce it would strengthen background check on north koreans seek asylum in the south as well as financial subsidy to north korean defector . americans h. and richard and 's have this 's nobel prize in . in november 1987 be from and replace el ben ali in bloodless coup . income ruth reader narrate . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
the stimulus program bank bailout however result in government budget deficit of nearly 4.6 of in 2009 5.3 in 2010 contrast sharply with surplus of 0.7 of in 2008 . pakistani official say of computer lead to information on active al - qaida network . he specifically mention village in south darfur the scene of recent fight between rebel government force . tomas 58th . alan mullally 3 5 39 24 9.75 iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the close station have report regularly on the violence in mogadishu between insurgent and ethiopian the somali interim government . have not rule out the possibility " dick cheney say last week there be plan to shut it down . sixto have admit he buy bulk shipment of radio through company he create " then the equipment to the center at price . some religious family object to the holiday entirely " say it celebrate evil and the devil . first division soccer match : iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
clinton add the united state be work through swiss official to request information on the journalist . official say the incident happen thursday when the assailant attack their victim in the village of . foreigner be flock to the chinese capital for the and beijing have go on the charm offensive . reed international plc say net income for the six month end oct. 1 slip 5 to # $ " or 16 share " from # $ " or share . the question of whether perry should resign remain the pennsylvania republican say . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
last month " the u.n. say it have mobilize nearly 600 member of its staff in haiti to support the country 's electoral process . the government seek to boost the domestic economy accelerate infrastructure program " offer corporate tax break for employer to retain worker " and expand export facility . bank be hurt loss on their investment in stock and other area . wing pieter be expect to retain place follow speculation would be pick out of position on the wing . roza otunbayeva news at the voice of america tuesday the be return in violation of kyrgyz law and the presence of u.n. human right official . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
sao paulo midfielder andre and santos defender narciso be both substitute during their ' game take to sao paulo airport and fly to rio de janeiro in private jet charter by the football confederation . the of the above - average summer rainfall be not lose on high plain wheat producer only three month ago be catch in drought so severe old - liken condition to the " dust bowl " day of the 1930 . khin nyunt " the prime purge in mid - october " head the fear . it be unclear if it will lead the force . london 1996 - 08 - 24 iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the area be consider hideout for al - qaida leader osama bin laden . for the office of prime tony blair say thursday what be important be not timetable to help iraq while it determine its own future . united nation - kofi annan say he expect the bosnian serb government to follow up its apology for the 1995 srebrenica massacre with drive to arrest and prosecute those responsible for the killing . british colony " cyprus become independent in 1960 follow of resistance to british rule . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
hadley say be work very closely with pakistan and afghanistan to counter the . the roadside attack happen in western baghdad " kill people . -- wong new york energy desk + 212 859 turkey have say it would not accept so call " privileged partnership . " svetlana masterkova russia brussels iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
democrats and other have slam fema for what they say be slow response to the disaster . crewe 3 1 1 1 4 4 4 tuesday 's south china morning post quote cabinet say tung be quit because he be tired and health be not good . cricket - english county championship scores . the administration claim " the " " as the reinforcement be call " have help violence around the country . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
military " major smith say the gunman wound two other american soldier in the shoot sunday . in an interview with voa wednesday the u.s. under of state for political affair " nicholas burns " say pakistan 's plan to lie land mine along part of its with afghanistan be bilateral issue . north . fight center in mogadishu have kill thousand of people and prompt more than " other to flee the city . - government politician be push for constitutional change would the of the . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support national
this mean fujimori will remain under arrest . very hungry fox " some bread and meat leave shepherd in the hollow of an oak " creep into the hole and make meal . however " many business and stock remain . eleven other people have be in the case . the delay be in line with congo 's accord " which allow up to six - month delay in " the nation 's first independence in 1960 . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the crowd seven - car train carry at least 550 passenger during the monday morning rush hour hit an automobile at road near " 400 kilometer west of tokyo . palkhivala say acc have secure government approval to take over sick cement firm with capacity of tonne per . " third day the new charter approve late thursday would grant rafael correa broad " function currently the central bank . they be trading unchanged just before the release of close guilde down at after it report net profit of million guilde against million last and estimate range from to million . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
at the three - day association of nation asean in kuala lumpur in december " syed hamid be choose to lead an asean delegation to visit burma to observe democratic reform . leader be concerned the pace could raise inflation rate or lead to investment in unnecessary project . kapil india 434 wicket 131 test he say there be concern other group try to carry out attack because they think u.s. official be the situation . u.s. consumer price post their sharp drop in half century in november . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
indonesia only recently agree to resume share its bird flu sample with the " end - month dispute . the atlantic ocean provide some of the world 's most heavily traffic sea route " between and within the eastern and western hemisphere . lopez be one of several veteran cuban musician bring together in 1996 u.s. and producer as part of film documentary and album . delegate at the will representative from the united state " european union " and the inter - american development bank . the replace 's schedule appearance at an imf - host seminar thursday on 's economic reform program agenda . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
victim have accuse the church of fail for decade to act to punish priest . india 's republic day mark the found of the indian republic in 1950 " three after its independence from britain . human right watch representative say expulsion from follow critical report show will not tolerate criticism . mehlis say he have not yet uncover syrian link to the february 14 bombing kill hariri and 20 other in beirut . he warn of more attack . iraq bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support than
2 . ian britain qureia cabinet israel 's continue military aggression send clear it do not want to allow thing to quiet down and bring the peace process on track . anxiety over the budget the currency market where the franc lose around half from monday 's late european level to per mark . the lawmaker off " however " discussion of akayev 's resignation . government livestock director angel say official believe the virus the dominican republic through bird introduce into the country illegally . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
new york at los angeles 3 sharon have new kadima to contest the on march 28 . meanwhile andre manuel lopez obrador have agree to temporarily end mass protest in downtown mexico city . he say they be at develop the economy of the country . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
last saturday he lead police to the of two other girl age eight die of starvation this year after their abduction in june 1995 . the of benin and nigeria have help launch program to vaccinate 40 million child in the region against polio . official in district " where the maoist attack take place thursday " say the rebel fire indiscriminately . ali be arrest on october 1 after magazine " - i - " woman 's right argue give up islam be not crime should be punish death " as sanction some interpretation of islamic sharia law . iran have accuse iraq of violate the ceasefire end their 1980 - 88 war some 32 time between the end of march and 31 this year the iranian news agency irna report on saturday . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
one have claim responsibility for the attack . u.s. and iraqi be conduct joint operation in ramadi to disrupt al - qaida - in - iraq terrorist in the euphrate river valley . play saturday : indian official say until singh recover " there will be collective decision - make the cabinet " chair external mukherjee . of the corps be identify not the third find and in sack in nearby canal . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
meanwhile " say u.s. force have admit responsibility for the " friendly - fire " death of bulgarian soldier in southern iraq week ago . later equalise through peter atherton find space in the area to meet mark 's free kick with precise header . -docstart- sunday " the u.s. national weather service upgrade katrina to rare category 5 " the most intense on the - simpson hurricane scale . and chinese official have sign agreement on oil " agriculture and technology during meeting in caracas saturday . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the group say of the image will lead to public examination of army interrogation . palestinian official have criticize the plan . siofok 0 2 musharraf dismiss chaudhry and dozen of other judge last november after they to recognize october as . police say the boat carry large number of turn over late in heavy south of the capital freetown . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the tiny island of the seychelle fail to make soccer history at the weekend when they bow out of the preliminary round of the african nation cup . he be the first blogger in egypt to be sentence specifically for writing . in houston " texas in the southwestern united state " have three u.s. citizen of involvement in human traffic ring responsible for the death of 19 people in 2003 . the irna report quote inform source as say rowhani " head ongoing nuclear talk with the european union " have send resignation letter to mohammed khatami . florida 8 cincinnati 3 gm iraq more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support than
all three not guilty during hear in nairobi . st louis 68 61 .527 1/2 initial report say rebel of the ugandan lord 's resistance army lra be behind the attack . " ukraine 's big achievement for five be the of and inter - ethnic harmony " leonid kuchma say in televise statement this week . schoch lead the world cup with " 1 point . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
's carol pearson report . under the deal " will ocean patrol boat " coastal patrol vessel " and maritime surveillance plane . it call on the government to allow full coverage of the humanitarian need of the local population . bachelet reporter the man and woman represent " historic for equality " in chile . there be report of shoot in the build " witness say gunshot be fire as police enter the legislative in gaza city . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
the bill authorize the of fund " valuable and other property through terrorism . few other detail be give . ivanov speak after meet with ukraine 's defense " hrytsenko " in moscow . pakistani official say roadside bomb kill seven pakistani soldier in the northwest saturday " as the army push forward with its offensive taliban militant . clinton and " once " up earlier this to the u.s. fundraising drive for victim of the tsunami . iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
european union representative be travel to the middle east sunday in hop of persuade israeli and palestinian leader to move toward humanitarian truce in the gaza strip . england manager bobby enjoy first success in charge of barcelona as weather 90 minute of non - stop atletico madrid pressure to win the spanish super cup - 5 on aggregate on wednesday . instead " the military government 's second - in - command " maung aye " host the event this . lyon 2 23rd 30th nancy 0 . the strasbourg - base court rule thursday gay right organizer nikolai alexeyev be discriminate against base on sexual orientation . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
montevideo " found the spanish in as military stronghold " take advantage of its natural harbor to become an important commercial center . lead result in index and end slightly weak while active be unchanged on nearly share trade . it say valenzuela will meet with student at university in ecuador " the university particular de " and deliver on u.s. foreign policy at the latin american for social science . foreign ibrahim sign up for the to elect successor to mohammad khatami . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
childhood obesity affect child in most country in the world accord to the international obesity task force . have kill two palestinian gunman attack between the gaza strip and israel . during televise announcement thursday " the 74-year - old petkoff say " the " division and fear can not continue . " british foreign malcolm rifkind say on tuesday from pakistan government would only take against the plan islamist gather in london if british law be break . in limit order investor specify the price at which they be willing to buy or as oppose to market order execute at prevail price . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
the resolution " consensus thursday formal vote " blame - government arab militia and rebel in darfur for the violation . new york 59 69 21 world number one man 's tennis player hewitt of have number two andy roddick of the united state to the final of the tennis master cup tournament in houston " texas . ------------------------ the european union have warn saudi arabia it will take action at the world trade " if the kingdom support widen muslim boycott of danish product . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
earlier sunday in syria armitage say damascus have improve security its with iraq . merck be thousand of other lawsuit over . u.s. official say wali be suspect in frequent rocket attack on the base . heavy rain could fall in of cuba with to 25 centimeter in the western and central region . the other final of the night the woman 's point race end in success for the reign . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
us ambassador michael describe tuesday 's agreement as an important moment in bilateral relation between the two nation " add it be key in advance non - proliferation goal . mexico be catch in rise wave of violence as drug cartel battle for territory and fight nationwide crackdown lead felipe calderon " have deploy ten of thousand of troop and police across mexico to try to stop the violence . the flood overturn car and truck " and be see catch in the branch of tree . the epicenter of monday 's 7.9 magnitude earthquake be in sichuan " and most of the death from the quake be in the province . the firm be the fourth - large of its kind in the world and see gain at port it in asia " " and part of europe . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
" the boy from china 's eastern province of . the meeting focus on u.s. limit on chinese import to protect american clothing manufacturer from low - cost competition . we will the eu scientific and veterinary committee to examine it " gerard . halftime 0 - 0 . the elephant crash into in village earlier this week while she be asleep they say . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
in london and paris be up 5 and percent " while frankfurt be down nearly 2 percent . and an iraqi militant group post video on the internet it say show the kill of american hostage ronald allen schultz " be abduct this month . iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei say saturday the united state and be country 's main enemy . most of those charge be part of police company base in the u.s. state of . moodie " rank 86th in the world " need match point to american sam " 02-jun " 07-jun " 07-jun . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
1991 the country seek to gradually lessen its dependence on agriculture while develop its mineral and petroleum reserve . guingamp 2 monaco recent son of - legend kick off this 's concert series bring the sound of lagos nigeria to downtown los angele . the militant have be fire rocket from the area despite earlier to stop such attack . china 's foreign ministry be urge its citizen not travel to iraq in the wake of the recent kidnapping of eight chinese national insurgent . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the set point after confusion at the net on the point previous which be award to oncin after the shot at close quarter at the net . official thursday gamsakhurdia be in custody after be arrest late wednesday at the tbilisi . with an army of volunteer ready to help tourist " thousand of police on patrol " and floral display provide " beijing hop to over the world with its makeover . scientist van der say the study show vaccination the of chicken with avian flu as well as the of healthy chicken . the man be identify as bodyguard at 's home in the iraqi capital . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
man claim to be local taleban call news agency thursday " say the kidnapper be demand the release of taleban prisoner in for the five hostage . it be not clear whether the bomb have be inside the car or under it . fatah gunman fire shot in the air today from the roof of the palestinian parliament build in the west bank town of ramallah " demand the resignation of fatah leader . u.n. - ban ki - moon be there " with french nicolas sarkozy and iranian mahmoud ahmadinejad . the bank of drain 3.9 billion franc at security tender on monday to allocate fund for injection into the money on tuesday . iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
they call the new file an effort to the inquiry into the case . the area be stronghold of mehsud " top taliban leader and al - qaida ally want pakistan and the united state . he describe the move as an extraction tax " say it would create $ 1 billion in new state revenue . prime ariel sharon have restate refusal to national referendum on gaza withdrawal plan " likud party referendum call be stall tactic opponent of the plan . the from the republican party be one of disdain . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
u.n. - kofi annan say he will wait to read report due next week from detlev mehlis before decide whether to extend the probe to december " as request last week lebanese lawmaker . he decline to compare the insurgency in iraq with the one he in vietnam as navy lieutenant 30 ago . the boeing 737 " operate private airline kam air " vanish from the radar screen last thursday as it be approach kabul airport during blizzard . kerik once serve as new york city police commissioner under new york mayor . aide close to the pakistan muslim league n say party leader will meet monday to decide whether to stay in the coalition with the pakistan people 's party . of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
's sisco have today 's mission update . pakistan 's military can not be independently verify because access to the remote area be limited . stanst have be designate as the prefer option for handle hijacking in southern because it be more remote than heathrow and gatwick london 's two major and handle less air traffic . djindjic be one of the leader of the - democracy movement topple yugoslav slobodan milosevic in 2000 . an abc news poll release on tuesday show bill clinton 's lead over republican challenger bob dole stretch to 15 point in advance of the nov. 5 election . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
mark heavy snow " ice and fog saturday and sunday cause deadly road accident and outage . when the clerk the cash " the man out gun and for all the cash in the register " which the clerk promptly provide . police say monday 's arrest in the suburb of the capital be part of an investigation that begin last july when two kurds be arrest in paris try to exchange " 2 euro $ " 2 in cash into other currency . outgo deputy of state richard armitage be slat to meet with turkish foreign abdullah gul as well as top lawmaker and turkey 's army - of - staff . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
obrador be currently lead most opinion poll . western diplomat say the new agreement to have avert showdown with the iaea over iran 's demand to exempt 20 nuclear centrifuge from pact reach earlier with european government . hurricane edouard grow strong on saturday as it swirl across the atlantic ocean forecaster at the national hurricane center say the would likely swing north and miss the caribbean . kenya 's mwai kibaki say he will take decisive action within day in the multi - million - dollar corruption scandal rock government . in cleveland kevin 's two - out single in the top of the 10th bring home with the win run as the milwaukee brewer send the cleveland indians to their third extra - inning defeat 4 - 3 . iraq three more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support
" the bad news be if you be not skilled and ca n't contribute to to customer service and the organisation 's goal you 'll be pay less . " do not seat in the march 7 parliamentary election in which allawi 's iraqiya the most vote . the united state and the european union have call for great sunni participation on the committee " which have four month to write permanent constitution before referendum set for october . he say for the rest of the country " the government be plan to have sufficient train and equipped iraqi force the end of 2007 or - perhaps 2008 . they have be schedule to meet tuesday at the white . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
he add sharon remain and in serious condition . hurricane katrina have batter southern florida with wind and heavy rain " leave at least three people dead before move out over the gulf of mexico . 's trip be to ceremony mark the return to of century - old book seize soviet during world war ii . -docstart- the vote follow hour of debate as the socialist call the extension unnecessary because the violence be abate . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
almost entirely paralyze reeve undergo extensive surgery to the vertebra to the base of the skull and prevent further damage to . earlier this week foreign sergei lavrov say moscow oppose the deployment of european union monitor in the region . bolivians demand the nationalization of the country 's energy industry have take over several oil field belong to spanish oil company . official say the protest have interrupt operation at the hospital calm have be at the facility . foreign alexander downer call the official 's optimistic . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
mughani say the hamas - lead force him to sign an agreement to resign duty and to remain in gaza . the sharon government hop to implement its plan september " over strong from hardline nationalist . lahoud begin consultation wednesday " while syrian troop continue to redeploy in eastern lebanon " in the first stage of withdrawal from the country . new report the south african government indicate more than six million people in the country be hiv - positive " much high than previously think . china have report flock of bird flu - infect fowl - its ninth outbreak in month . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
u.s. military official say the crash late friday occur during combat operation in kunar province . as family band in west africa " leader want to use not just as entertainment " to address development in the region . the move be in response to 2004 rule the international court of justice " which say texas official fail to notify the of their right to talk to consular official shortly after their arrest . state statement in part response to cuban washington be the accord fail to return some of the cubans involve in recent illegal migration incident . earlier " member of the interim cabinet " " say the transition process take as many as 17 month . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the african union have deploy to somalia to replace the ethiopian force " which addis ababa plan to withdraw . -- the new nuclear " ali larijani " have serve as an aide to supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei and be know as conservative . finland have " largely free - market economy with per capita output roughly of " belgium " the " and sweden . financial service - banking " fund management " insurance - account for 23 of employment and 55 of total income in this tiny " prosperous channel island economy . iraq three more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support
the pirate ship finally stop after the fire warn shot " and the crew effectively surrender . u.s .- operation push the taleban from in 2001 " member of the extremist group continue to fight and foreign force defend the kabul government . chinese zeng and sign 17 bilateral agreement and discuss cooperation in mining " oil and gas project " as well as technological partnership . india 's tata motor have begin remove equipment from its " cheap car " factory in eastern india " after no resolution in land dispute . revenue decline to $ 3 billion from $ 3.2 billion . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the treasury announce thursday it be freeze all asset khalaf under u.s. jurisdiction " and be prohibit american citizen from do business with him . scientist say the earthquake 's epicenter be 150 below the earth 's surface . pakistani pervez musharraf have in london for talk with tony blair on terrorism " trade and the situation in afghanistan . security official say the man be blindfolded and then shoot security . however " he do say protect u.s. space system be something have to be consider . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
follow crucial victory in the democratic u.s. presidential primary in the northeastern state of pennsylvania " hillary clinton say she be still the good to defeat the presumptive republican nominee " john mccain " in the . " you do me grave injustice " " say the boss " part with pair of tear . there have be claim of responsibility . ireland 1996 - 08 - 29 despite be the small country in central america " el salvador have the third large economy in the region . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the regional group bring together bahrain kuwait oman qatar saudi arabia and the united . there will be on the whole slightly upward climb consistent with our economic growth rate he say in reference to the property . iraq 's interim defense say one of saddam hussein 's close aide ali hassan al - majid - good know as chemical ali - will be the first member of the oust regime to go on trial for war crime . witness say between one and three car bomber drive to checkpoint and explode their vehicle . the industry be at - genetic test . more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support than
earlier this month " say syria grow international isolation because of what he call its failure to stop fighter from its into iraq . u.s. lawmaker be consider measure to punish for its grow trade gap with the united state . authority in spain and morocco close tuesday " as ash from volcano once again disrupt air travel . nearly 40 palestinians have be kill begin its campaign last week . sweden 's om to london forest product bourse . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the head of the u.n. refugee agency 's local " nassif say two boat carry some 300 migrant capsize in the red sea . zebari " be in tehran for ministerial meeting monday " say the - have displace hundred of kurds and threaten iraqi relation with iran . the dalai lama urge buddhist member of burma 's military government to use the religion 's teaching of " compassion " and " love " when confront such situation of crisis . the government will the remain half . greek conservative new democracy pick bold / ogilvy and mather advertising company for its pre - election campaign and spot thomson to help miltiadis evert on communication strategy it say in statement . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear zimbabwe city support
spur foe 's five minute before len press hard and foe hit the in the second on another header . what it down to be this : if you be skilled you 'll benefit . the junta reportedly have say she will have access to her personal physician . be vacation in the u.s. pacific state of hawaii " two week ahead of the democratic national convention " where he and presidential run mate will be formally nominate . they be hand over as part of 2003 peace pact between the colombian government and the united self - defense force of colombia " or . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
gore roar labor rally of 1,000 union worker dole and gingrich be the virtual of evil even mention housing jack kemp be dole 's run mate . he undergo procedure in february to ease breathe difficulty . more than 170 people " include at least 97 lebanese soldier " have be kill since the standoff begin 20th . in jeddah " long consider one of the country 's most liberal city " voter choose conservative . philippine law prohibit american troop from join combat operation with philippine force . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support national
so far " no trial date have be set . standing after game play on wednesday tabulate under the previous u.s. champion " disturbia " rank distant second last weekend with $ 5.7 in box gross . 1 . max van heeswijk netherlands motorola 4 hour 39 minute white scott mcclellan say in statement friday look forward to discuss palestinian effort to improve governance " revive the economy " institute security reform " and fight terror . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
u.s. court have find contractor guilty of assault an detainee " later of injury . kwan say take herself off the be the most difficult decision she have ever have to make . there be no immediate report of injury or damage . they ne our love and compassion . " bolivian evo morales be to attend the summit for talk with counterpart luiz inacio lula da silva to discuss the price of gas export to brazil . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
-docstart- annan say rely on the nuclear non - proliferation treaty be not enough and propose new " joint action " tough inspection rule . 5 . capiot 5 the american western leader have eight of 15 game at field the yankees as the only with record at the a.l. central leader ' home . hosni will the remain 10 seat . iraq three more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support
the lra be originally from uganda have evolve into roam band of fighter cause terror across central africa . kurds in turkey begin campaign for an independent homeland in the in 1984 . the military say soldier shoot the militant after he attack an patrol . " america can look on week of remarkable achievement " clinton say even reference to the republican majority in the house and senate . african leader be mourn pope john paul " while teaching and in the significant growth of the church on the african continent . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
official say they 114 expulsion order as part of the same operation . russia 's vladimir be meet at the white friday for talk on bilateral and . the official xinhua news agency say sunday airway be undergo final official review " and should be clear to begin operation after nov. 20 . man visit haiti in march to international attention on economic security to the caribbean country . in lawsuit " pearl allege bank limited knowingly provide financial service to charity link to extremist group . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
security official say taliban militant have hang five in southern afghanistan as public warn to other . beauty be - profile personality in and machado 's allege weight problem make front page news this week . he concern the legislative process could lead to the disclosure of sensitive operational matter . the say the late phase be only begin and promise the situation in afghanistan will be reassess in december . be bear in illinois on 4 february 1921 . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
he do not say if he would continue as the army . yushchenko meet at the white monday . case have attract international attention because williams be the author of series of child 's book warn young people the danger of gang . during the search gun battle erupt in which several suspect militant . the government 's development strategy center on create and cluster of development in sector . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
more than people have be kill in violence between the minority tutsis and the majority hutus 1993 . they sun themselves the old " - lane state road through the " and be diminish be still an sight . palestinian interior ministry accuse israel in the incident at the jabaliya refugee camp . the and apple - tree dispute as to which be the most beautiful . respond dr. molina 's family should visit in cuba . iraq of three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
wednesday " video date september 12 be post on the internet and attribute to the ansar al - sunna militant group . mahathir be report as say he believe washington will use israel as proxy to attack tehran . u.s. forecaster say the 's wind strengthen on tuesday morning to nearly 150 per hour . from paris " lisa bryant report for the arrest mark further blow for hardline member of eta . he the government for what he call its " secure " over the past which he say increase italian on the world stage . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
karzai the u.n. assembly wednesday terrorist see prosperous afghanistan as their ultimate defeat . an au say the soldier be hurt monday when roadside bomb explode near an au vehicle . standing after game play on wednesday tabulate under - draw lose goal for goal against point : - editorial lambast jalal talabani leader of kurdish rebel faction in the north for with iran in its fight against . negotiator take one - day break in talk after miss monday 's draft deadline . iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
it be not how many catholic live in the nation and to what extent they can practice their religion . interior and bernd intelligence co - in kohl 's seal the closer link during talk in warsaw . in addition " they will stock in the reorganize company " which will be name ranger industry inc . militant accuse the man of work with u.s. force across the in afghanistan . official say land mine bomb still kill hundred of afghans every . iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
result of dutch first division local official in pakistan 's northern tribal region say the happen late sunday when the helicopter into pakistan 's north waziristan district . finland have host italy to the round of man 's curl at the turin . moreno call the bridge as american as apple - expression common in the u.s. to indicate something be certainly american - even though it do not connect to dry land . launch the strike sunday after fire rocket from gaza into southern on friday . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
arafat say israel declare war on palestinians . guillaume raoux france vs. filip dewulf belgium speculation rubin not stay in post grow after he question future cabinet post during television interview at the democratic convention in chicago this week . the fourth soldier be kill indirect fire during separate incident in western baghdad . u.s. congressional leader be close to finish work on compromise budget bill money for the u.s .- lead war in iraq " deadline to withdraw the troop . of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
while medvedev 's past fleurian be rather ordinary the fact the two be play each other be rather remarkable . 7 . alexandre ukraine 67 pakistan 's prime yusuf raza gilani say government will not fall " despite the plan mqm move . most have be charge " legal representation or trial . the brief one day after defense donald rumsfeld " visit troop in kuwait " be by why their vehicle be not adequately protect . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
shortly before down in late 2003 after 22 year in office " mahathir remark " jews rule the world by proxy " " set off of international criticism . stronach " founder and control shareholder of magna " resign as officer last year to seek " unsuccessfully " seat in canada 's parliament . u.s. judge have order the administration to decide by 15 whether polar bear in alaska should be on the endanger specie because of global warm . the national assembly will be in for 10 month and will draft new constitution . service include huge number of non - manufacturing business " everything from shop to airline " and make up the majority of activity in the u.s. economy . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
blair will be seek third term in " follow landslide victory in 1997 and 2001 . haitian rene preval have choose an official with the inter - american development bank to be the country 's new . u.n. special envoy terje roed - larsen have meet with syrian bashar al - assad to international demand for full and rapid withdrawal of all syrian from lebanon . the rebel say they be fight on behalf of poor people and landless laborer . follow the meet " the - level chinese delegation tank base on the outskirt of havana " where member be give detail on the structure " mission and history of the military facility . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
-docstart- the economy be heavily dependent on the extraction and processing of mineral for export . in the country 's late mine accident " xinhua say some 123 people be underground when the blast occur " 27 later escape . pakistan say the of its paramilitary frontier corps be wound when helicopter under rocket attack in troubled baluchistan province . midfielder dejan savicevic equalise for the home past defender check and fire in - foot shoot in the 21st give young fiorentina goalkeeper francesco little chance . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
speak to iraq 's interim national council " the say top aide of want terrorist musab al - zarqawi have be kill and two other have be capture . the say troop retaliate " kill the militant and destroy their hideout near natural gas installation in the area . he say last month eu farm commissioner franz fischler to ban sheep brain spleen and spinal cord from the human and animal food chain be specific and precautionary move to protect human health . florida at st louis indonesian authority blame azahari bin husin for orchestrate last month 's attack in as well as the 2002 bombing kill more than 200 people . three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support however
hwang have allegation of ethical . the missile " develop india " be fire friday from ship " the " in the bay of bengal off the coast of orissa . august 29th schedule the new law make california the first u.s. state to move beyond the government and impose its own greenhouse gas limit . and other world leader be welcome the formation of iraqi government " month after the country 's parliamentary . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
-docstart- she make the comment wednesday on the way to the united after asian " just day after north korea announce it will end yearlong boycott and return to disarmament talk july 25 . the combination be the first time treatment have be recommend for late - stage cervical cancer . security official say police officer seal off the main road saturday in the central gaza town of khan younis . " i realise this put percent of your mind into tennis i do n't think you can successful " say the 22-year - old medvedev . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
u.s. embassy in riyadh say specter from neighbour oman on sunday and leave on monday have talk with saudi and american official in dhahran where 19 u.s. airman be kill fuel truck bomb on june 25 and riyadh . and u.s. military official say one soldier in gun battle in mosul . israel claim jerusalem as its capital " while palestinians want arab east jerusalem as the capital of future state . the dalai lama john for mission to bring peace to the world and frequent travel " despite the pontiff 's fail health . this vote seal the division of my country . " iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
croatian janica kostelic " the world cup overall leader " miss the mere . 8 equal . he begin to pray to " other . pakistan " key u.s. ally in the war terrorism " have " 80 to its tribal region to root out foreign militant and their local ally . the island host 2.4 visitor in 2008 . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
at least 1.5 cambodian from execution " force hardship " starvation during the khmer rouge regime under pol pot . the 's say and the king will meet saturday to of mutual interest related to development in the mideast region . ford be the world 's third - large automaker . dravid 's knock contain seven boundary . -docstart- iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
u.s. television network " " first report the drone attack earlier this week . in incident today " authority say at least iraqi soldier be kill and other wound when roadside bomb strike their patrol near the iranian in diyala province . dushevina " rank in the world " next meet champion amelie mauresmo of in the round wednesday . the report blame the failure in iraq on an to collect good information " error in analysis " and failure to make clear how much of analysis be base on assumption rather than evidence . saturday " french jacque chirac be to lead the traditional armistice day ceremony in paris . three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support national
south africa 's say government will look into new report on zimbabwe 's " which detail serious irregularity . earlier this week " jose rangel say country be buy the weapon to strengthen its national security and the purchase should not concern . he be the asean nation can convince rangoon to let him return to burma " which he last visit in 2004 . twelve nepalese soldier fly into the central town of el - obeid " one of the main operational center for aid agency work in the south . murray oust third - seed american ginepri 04-jun " 06-apr " 06-mar . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / city support
earlier this week " benjamin netanyahu announce israel will be cooperate with probe into the flotilla incident order united nation ban ki - moon . pakistan and there be no operation go on in the area would into pakistan . st helens secure the two point they need in the last game of the season at road to win their first championship 1975 and their first double 1966 . the washington post quote three official " speak on condition of anonymity " as say the white house be look for material to strengthen its argument the 62-year - old elbaradei should be retire . western nation fear iran will use the enrichment process to develop nuclear weapon . iraq more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support than
analyst say many investor fear the u.s. economy be close to if not already in one . 4 . pauline davis bahamas young boy 9 1 0 8 19 3 official say the fraud have cost investor $ billion . in recent " have nationalize firm in many sector " petroleum " communication " electricity " agriculture and banking . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
the typhoon kill one person in taiwan before it hit china 's mainland . if find guilty " blonska would be strip of her medal and could be subject to lifetime ban . as " mutharika have some economic improvement . he say psg mate now play for english premier newcastle be influential in move to scotland . journalist in kenya and abroad be urge kenyan mwai kibaki to reject legislation could require reporter to their news source . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
germans could find out their next leader will be after monday 's coalition talk between gerhard schroeder and conservative leader merkel . have say the u.s. respect the sovereignty of iran " and be not interfere in its internal affair . george w. one of the main under discussion be how to make mercosur more to the social concern of the member country . somali pirate seize more than 40 ship during 2008 " of dollar in ransom . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
pakistani army the news agency helicopter could fly in quake - stricken kashmir because of rain and cloud . unq unq in an interview with in washington wednesday " garang say sudan people liberation army spla would be deploy alongside african union . service of hymn " bible reading and prayer follow . " he have be clear . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
iraqi be struggle to an agreement on new constitution before monday deadline " as hundred march to their demand for new government . embrace many of the recommendation from the independent investigate the september 11 attack " the say the legislation present clear and path towards need intelligence reform . the united nation report heavy fight between ugandan rebel and joint u.n .- congolese force in the eastern democratic republic of congo . three u.s. marines and three iraqi civilian be wound . meanwhile " vladimir " yanukovych " congratulate yushchenko . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the number of people sign up for unemployment benefit decline slightly - to total of " - last week . an agreement make with india during trip " to share civilian nuclear energy technology in for india bring its nuclear program in line with the international atomic energy agency iaea . 9 . lamont smith u.s. 3 1 2 9 5 10 they say the date of takemura 's resignation would be determine party official . iraq three more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support
some oil - import nation say more oil would help ease price " opec official say the be well - supply with crude . indonesians be angry kuala lumpur 's recent crackdown on several hundred thousand migrant worker from indonesia . berlusconi say he have summon the american in rome for explanation of the incident . zoellick be expect to be as world bank next month . in this small " landlocked economy " subsistence agriculture occupy approximately 70 of the population . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the company have organise regular auction of its share to create orderly in the paper . the increase be drive record - oil price which hit all time of $ barrel on july 3 . central division italian magazine publish picture on wednesday of daniel ducruet princess stephanie of monaco 's husband and bodyguard cavort naked with woman in . ant " go to river to drink " fall in " and be carry in the stream . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the world disagree shower more than 80 national and international honour on the or jewel of india the country 's high civilian award . au official say the suspension will last several week . the video post on the internet show man wear u.s. military uniform . the iranian say the new allegation be an attempt washington to affect the board 's decision . the white say want to personally welcome sarah shourd to the state follow more than one long detention . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
hansen the record of minute until japanese smash it nearly one second on june 7 . -docstart- das have be accuse of spy in the past . in early senate he be see as " prairie populist " work on legislation protect farmer ' price and on compensate veteran sicken agent orange spray in the vietnam war . the human group amnesty international say china be fast emerge as one of the world 's big " most and irresponsible arm exporter . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
three woman be those kill . official say the pipeline will have the capacity to pump 14 million cubic meter of natural gas daily from colombia to venezuela . both figure top day tally for the first two entry in the series . china say its trade with africa surge 43 percent during the first 11 month of this year . u.n. - kofi annan help broker peace deal include - sharing agreement between kibaki and leader raila odinga . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
rescue be continue to search the rubble for and survivor . feyenoord midfielder jean - paul van gastel be name to make debut in the 18-man squad . he give own goat just sufficient food to keep them alive " feed the stranger more in the hope of entice them to stay with him and of make them own . the have end blockade on government building . craig u.s. embassy spokesman in jakarta 700 km 430 mile west of the tuesday morning attack . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
-docstart- the u.n. resident coordinator in tajikistan michael jones launch the appeal to provide relief to the thousand affect the 7 flash flood in the town of and surround district . kosovo lawmaker be expect to consider the nomination next week . and u.s. force undertake the operation to insurgent from the remote province near the pakistani . zimbabwe 's rule have suspend six senior official from their post for five expose unprecedented struggle within zanu - pf . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / city support
north korea say it have send its top diplomat to russia " amid of attempt to ease tension on the korean peninsula . as 's george dwyer report the film be offer viewer some important " personal courage and transformation . thousand of moslem refugee denounce bosnia 's as farce on sunday because serb would be able to vote in their old home town cement partition of the country . he say voter registration in north - central iraq be up 17 percent " which translate to " 4 new voter . relative of the marines kill have grief and anger " some call for to withdraw the from iraq " while other say the death only reaffirm their support for the war . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city than
the theory attempt to explain how people make strategic - base decision on matter range from trade dispute war to such choice as theater seat . china 's parliament have legislation the country 's basis for attack taiwan the island move toward declare independence . moura physically verbally provoke cyprien during the match . in the third vote meri 52 ruutel vote . result of scottish third iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
between turks and kurds have increase the kurdistan worker ' pkk call off yearlong - fire in june . dividend payable october 8 burma be administer as province of india until 1937 when it become self - govern colony ; independence from the commonwealth be attain in 1948 . the island in recent have suffer serious loss of population because of emigration to new zealand . social democratic atambayev address supporter after he be name on . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
" i have pay too for mix career " tapie say . " turkey previously find people test positive for bird flu " three child from the same family in village near van last week . deputy governor have be shoot and wound in the late violence to hit strife - tear southern thailand . the man be sentence to lengthy jail term on charge they conspire with the united state to overthrow fidel . they want more job and royalty from in return for their region 's natural resource . iraq of bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
houston 5 chicago 4 11 more of the case have occur in public school . mexican military force have be engage in brutal struggle against the country 's violent drug cartel . castro say have double - standard in effort to fight terrorism harbor want criminal . abduction follow cairo 's announcement egypt would become the first arab nation to establish full diplomatic with iraq 's new government . three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support than
during trip " the pope repeatedly refer to the sexual abuse scandal have wrack the u.s. church . he be expect to meet wednesday with before travel to hiroshima . fight between suspect taleban rebel and u.s .- coalition and troop have leave seven insurgent dead " while rebel attack on clinic leave doctor and six colleague dead . the french sport daily l'equipe have name swiss tennis roger federer its " champion of champion " for 2005 . jankovic " paramilitary leader have be fugitive for more than five " turn himself in to bosnian serb authority sunday in the town of . iraq three bomb nuclear / zimbabwe city support national
jackson 's lawyer have question the credibility of the boy 's mother " say she file false income tax return and try to extort money from other celebrity . authority be concerned violence angry supporter in pakistan will spill across the into india . british ambassador john perry " be the current of the council " say representative of 15 member nation will visit kosovo later this month . negroponte accuse of spending million of dollar on what he call an extravagant foreign policy " at the expense of the venezuelan people . you be true example for the nation " he say . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
private sector initiative and financial sector be in the early stage of development . indian opener singh sidhu be on sunday give ban from international cricket for quit this 's tour of the trust of india say . the charge against kill an iraqi policeman . will visit the u.s. gulf coast sunday as the region continue to clean - up from hurricane katrina . last week " peru recall its to japan after japanese consular official in chile visit fujimori in jail . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
judge at the tribunal in the hague " in split decision wednesday " allow haradinaj to in such activity u.n. administrator in kosovo approve participation on case - - case basis . be up from 42 percent in 2009 . frederic score the fourth goal when he tap in rebound just one from time . colombia be the world 's large producer of cocaine " most of which be ship to the united state . in propose the rule last the sec while technology have improve practice still exist work against investor ' good interest . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
in reject the offer the name would retain their right to pursue litigation he say . the remark it be " dishonest and reprehensible " for some u.s. senator to say purposely mislead the american people into the iraq war . there be just so much rid on it . pakistani official say the suspect mastermind of the plot uncover in london last week to blow up u.s .- bind airplane be hide in mountainous region of northeastern afghanistan . one morning " when the command officer hear on the radio be expect just after noon " he send the band scramble to the flight line with instrument . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
long - term prospect will depend on world oil price " the location of new oil and gas pipeline in the region " and azerbaijan 's ability to manage its energy wealth to promote sustainable growth in non - energy sector of the economy and spur employment . on per capita basis " income have stagnate at 1980 level . friday " the world health one - - old girl have become the 23rd person in indonesia to of the h5n1 strain of bird flu . 69 jose cocere argentina raymond russell allenby say he understand other people with minor injury be be treat at the scene . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
arrival auction trader unfortunately for koizumi " japan have ban the on public street . some policeman be take up position on the roof . senior administration official have say hayden be name to replace porter goss " announce resignation on friday . they say oil price be due to the u.s. dollar 's decline in value " compare to other currency " and investment in commodity . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
the on job loss be base on government survey of ten of thousand of household . this 's session be attend more than thousand advisor from across the country . royal faisal down " and official say salim al - would replace him . he say he only what many other country believe " when he complain last week what he describe as the almost use of u.s. military force . snow " freeze rain " wind and record low temperature in europe be claim life and make for travel across the continent . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
germany alexander cejka germany hal sutton tom lehman abbas have be in struggle with hamas since the militant group take control of the palestinian authority earlier this year . it be chair by nobel peace winner retire archbishop desmond tutu . he say even if he have minor evidence " he would have punish them . allawi say investigator have discover new mass grave that contain 500 . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
allawi be the first to officially announce candidacy wednesday " appeal to the country 's diverse ethnic and religious group . taiwan chen shui - bian recently raise cross - strait tension scrap guideline and group dedicated to taiwan 's eventual unification with mainland china . official there say the 15-year - old girl 's death bring to 73 the number of people in indonesia have die from the h5n1 strain . reuters : " we ' ve have all sort of protest at the head office and the 's house . local police say the explosion in rawalpindi appear to be suicide attack . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
meanwhile " the interfax news agency on sunday quote an unnamed yukos board member as say law enforcement agency be conduct late - night search of the home and office of dozen of top and middle - level yukos manager . the u.s. military say discover wood and an iraqi hostage during routine search operation in baghdad . the iranian mock what he call 's desire to attack iran " say the u.s. leader will not be able to harm " even one centimeter " of the country . the chinese leader offer new 's greeting to people in taiwan " and say beijing would seek peaceful reunification with the island " which china regard as territory . at trent bridge : nottinghamshire 392 - g. archer 143 not iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
" the organization for security and cooperation in europe express shock at the attack and say it expect swift investigation . the west say iran be secretly try to develop nuclear weapon . java be computer programming language introduce sun in which have immediately capture the attention of the industry for its ability to across virtually all computer system in relatively secure manner . omar dismiss and pakistani official to tribal council on side of their to end the violence . israel radio report iranian - bear katsav speak in native with iranian mohammad khatami . iraq three more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support
critic across the political spectrum say the plan be from democracy . ues official say last week the board have not yet approve the final version of its application to the u.s. security and exchange commission to issue adr . " the girl say they go to belgium voluntarily and the police suspect they be use to act in pornographic film . " the be trigger when hamas security force try to stop protest policeman demand the payment of salary from the hamas - lead government . cuban fidel castro have appear at special session of parliament for the first time since 2006 " when he cede to young brother " raul . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the new york times say of state condoleezza telephone iraq 's jalal talabani on friday to urge the government be form as soon as . income statement datum : while 's scientist some for month carry on develop new strain of wheat resistant to ukraine 's extreme continental climate say the lack of cash in ukraine 's agricultural sector be as bad as the drought . earlier today " the iraqi meet with iranian foreign manouchehr mottaki and he assure tehran propose u.s .- iraq security agreement will not harm iran . the death toll from the cyclone be " 3 . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the exact number of passenger remain unknown " witness say the boat be severely overcrowded with at least people . jerusalem 1996 - 08 - 25 taleban militant have attack convoy in southern afghanistan " kill up to 13 guard and wound other work for private security firm . the pact be initially approve after between and peruvian alan garcia " democrats in force u.s. official to reopen negotiation and add strong labor and environmental provision . colombian police have parcel bomb deliver to the of lawmaker ally with alvaro . iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
damascus insist it have role in the murder . scotland manager craig brown say on : " i ' ve watch duncan ferguson in twice recently and he 's bang in form . i think probably the decision to be to be take it would probably be municipal .. as the tsunami disaster in south asia continue to unfold " of people be turn to the internet for news update - or to search for miss relative . the foreclosure crisis have worsen despite ongoing effort some lender and the government to help borrower manage their mortgage . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
fox be address special meet of the utah state legislature wednesday . official in ivory coast say at least four people have be kill group of armed man attack military police post in the country 's main city . national shopping group " corp . " report friday 's total sale at $ 8 billion " down percent from last . 129 karlsson sweden 67 62 china and cuba have sign 16 agreement as chinese hu jintao continue visit to havana . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
sachin tendulkar mark debut as indian captain with patient 110 on wednesday be dash opener sanath jayasuriya whose 120 steer the world champion to nine - wicket singer cup . dutch first division summary on result from the niger 's parliamentary election " " have not be announce . leader of japan " the " new zealand " singapore " germany " france and other nation around the globe have condemn the attack . -docstart- iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
he say he will not tolerate medium outlet support effort to remove him from . taliban " yousuf ahmadi " the french news agency taliban militant carry out the attack and kill two american soldier and several police . some " 30 protester march through the city for two hour " urge the government to dissolve parliament and punish those responsible for last year 's cripple protest . they be believe to have be carry out u.s. remote - control aircraft . independent senator and democratic - presidential nominee joseph lieberman be endorse republican senator john mccain 's presidential bid . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
kamal kharrazi speak to reporter at the hague " say if the two side fail to resolve the impasse friday " then tehran " will have no choice " to restart its enrichment program . for iraq 's interim government have reject call " mainly sunni and kurdish group " to postpone the country 's first national election . the majority leader in the u.s. of representative turn himself in to authority thursday to charge of money launder and conspiracy . in report last week " u.n. kofi annan warn the area could attract more armed group " and rebel try to destabilize government in the region . california 2 baltimore 0 three bomb nuclear / zimbabwe city support than however
mushtaq ahmed c crawley b mullally 2 u.n. official say burma 's government have agree to let outside donor pay local company directly in dollar rather than via the official involve foreign certificate . once the center of the caribbean slave trade curacao be the abolition of slavery in 1863 . unemployment remain and outdated infrastructure have constrain growth . north korea say the united have conduct some spy flight over the country this month . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
accord to the united nation the fight have displace " 1 people . u.n. - kofi annan have the investigation until december 15 . the united nation be begin formal inquiry wednesday into the assassination of pakistani prime benazir . the girl suffer from " " on the right side of her condition have only be report few time in medical journal the st. christopher child 's hospital say . " we do not have money for fertiliser we be in debt for fuel and we be borrow diesel " odnosum say . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
although more than half of gdp be generate through the service sector " 45 of bangladeshis be employ in the agriculture sector " with as the single - most - important product . the united state and china have annual talk on economic " with washington seek change to china 's economy and financial market . last week " venezuela agree to buy control stake in the country 's large private electric company . state sean mccormack say be to meet with british gordon brown and british foreign miliband . kathmandu 1996 - 08 - 27 iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the death toll from violence in sudan follow the death of rebel leader and john garang have surpass 100 . analyst for & co . while i serve i seek to avoid the because i do not want to become the . the nine - member council have approve 30 presidential for the first round of . the accuse be the suspect leader of the spanish al - qaida cell - syrian - bear imad . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
earlier " warn the price of oil would soar if the united state take military against iran . colombia be one of the three country emerge from the collapse of gran colombia in 1830 the other be ecuador and . authority say death have be report in several region " the province of and . nikolai warn monday russia have the ability to resume build and short - range missile if the kremlin drop out of an arm treaty with the united state . authority find sign near some of the read : " for every one of mine you kill " i will kill 10 . " iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
somalia 's transitional government have sign multi - dollar deal with u.s. maritime security firm to fight piracy . white scott mcclellan say friday the will briefly meet with in the colombian resort town of cartagena on november 22 . mohammad dahman director of the gaza - base support association say he be free on tuesday be charge . he move to jordan in 2004 . the dominant continue to be the relationship between taiwan and china - specifically the question of taiwan 's eventual status - as well as domestic and economic reform . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
burns and saran be to continue talk on friday . official with the united nation environmental program say tuesday local on island in the northern part of the archipelago complete their move inland in august . clinton make irish tour to northern ireland process be force to drop ballybunion from pack schedule at the last minute . rebel in eastern sudan say government war plane have be bombing rebel area near the with eritrea " wound several people . top - seed ivan ljubicic of croatia have break spaniard carlos moya 's on the tennis tournament the two - time defend champion 07-jun " 06-feb in the match in india . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
ntawukulilyayo be arrest in in 2007 and later to the u.n. detention facility in to charge . all three wound be in satisfactory condition in hospital . palestinian mahmoud have fire three top security official after militant break the ceasefire he with israel and fire mortar at settlement in the gaza strip . new report thursday from the commerce show the deficit at $ billion in april " slight increase from the previous month . he say south africa be there " do not bother to observe the properly . iraq of more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the seek the death at the trial in baghdad ali hassan al - majid and the other official . do not say when the arrest take place . european mixed wednesday " follow gain in and hong kong . relief agency official say sunday the air control tower lose contact with the aircraft friday as it into airspace not long after take off from peshawar " pakistan . swiss grand prix world cup cycling race on sunday : iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
the official xinhua news agency say monday beijing register more than " 22 new vehicle in the first day of this year . eighth seed jim courier withdraw because of bruise right knee and 1988 champion bow out due to groin organiser say . almere netherlands 1996 - 08 - 28 in 2010 " the senegalese people protest against frequent cut . white house say disapprove of what lead christian broadcaster say israeli leader ariel sharon . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the u.n. human right have adopt resolution condemn human right abuse in sudan 's troubled darfur region . " 7 u.n. peacekeeper have be deploy to calm widespread violence in haiti . wednesday " iraq 's election say 300 box from the january 30th vote ne to be recount and it be not ready to announce the final result " which be expect today . as editor of the tal " he have be steady critic of the government . gutierrez have be at the ambassador 's residence ouster on wednesday . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
reserve chairman alan greenspan write in memoir to be release on monday he be " it be politically to acknowledge what everyone know - the iraq war be largely oil . " analyst say the speech be design to bolster brown 's credential to succeed prime tony blair " have say he plan to down within the next . hamas cleric jail in israel hospitalise briefly . be an increase of 30 cent liter in the past . never soar aloft on an enemy 's . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
be the late senior official in luiz inacio lula da silva 's government to post . the uk in " hong kong be cede china the follow ; various adjacent land be add later in the 19th century . feather be down . however " take " controversial strategy have exacerbate racial and economic between the population of the andean west and the non - community of the eastern lowland . building frequently collapse in egypt because of poor maintenance and construction in violation of regulation . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
and last meet at the white in march and agree to begin negotiation on free trade agreement . it bring in tonne of british mutton some percent of overall import . authority believe the be kidnap iraqi soldier . the attack take place late friday in the district of western farah province . corporate sponsorship of the be boom as company seek before 1.3 billion chinese and the world at large . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
preval be of haiti from 1996 to 2001 . be expect to question from the panel on the administration 's policy on iran " which be grow international pressure to abandon its controversial nuclear program . have strongly criticize the british leader for say venezuela should respect the rule of the international community . nato - jaap de hoop scheffer say the number of personnel will increase from its current level of 60 to 300 officer . domestic and international effort to mediate resolution to the crisis have not yield deal as of mid april . iraq three more bomb himself / zimbabwe city support
ruch chorzow - 1 on aggregate croft c ijaz ahmed b wasim akram south korea 's government tuesday unveil so - call green new job creation plan " expect to create " 9 new job . it be an anxious time for the family of several western hostage be in iraq - they be await news on the fate of their love one . british quote britain 's top military in baghdad as say the first - out of british from iraq could begin in matter of month " with final withdrawal mid-2008 . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
11 . johnny herbert britain sauber italian police lead the operation " arrest 41 bulgarian national in italy " " " and germany . the anti - drug in kabul with united nation expert discuss the security opium pose to afghanistan and surround nation . old mathematician never ; they just lose some of their function . phil spector " pop music producer famed for " wall of sound " technique " be accuse of the fatal 2003 shoot of actress lana clarkson . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
saturday august 24th schedule accord to the electoral " akitani - bob just over 38 percent of the vote . police official say the attack occur early saturday in iskandariyah " 60 south of baghdad . blair propose the new law " which would allow authority to deport extremist " after the july 7 bombing in london kill 52 people . recep tayyip erdogan make the statement tuesday during campaign appearance in southern turkey . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
musharraf have earlier say country do not plan to cut into its defense budget to increase fund for relief effort . the presidential council approve their death sentence last month . - moshe 10th minute nissan 26th know what will happen in the later stage ? " thiel have manage to get most of the 100 metre champion 1948 to attend the meet which be be in the stadium where owens four gold medal 60 ago at the berlin . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
human right group subsequently single out poland and romania as site for such facility . as result of heavy spending from the trust fund " the government virtual bankruptcy . it happen dog have get of meat and be carry it home in mouth to eat it in peace . the 58-year - old singer / songwriter - three ago earn slot in the rock and roll hall of fame - join don black " michael " irving " bobby " and in the class of 2007 . strain of the virus have be hit flock throughout asia " and more than people in southeast asia have from exposure to the virus 2003 . iraq bomb himself nuclear zimbabwe city support national however
the bank earlier warn profit growth would slow in the second half the increase momentum in profit growth in the period of 1995 and increase investment . mob in the city kill at least 80 people " mostly " in reprisal for rioting against christians in nigeria 's largely muslim north . reserve $ mln jul + + + - in toronto pat toss five - hitter for fifth consecutive complete game and three player drive in two run apiece as the toronto blue jays defeat the minnesota twin - 1 for their ninth in 11 game . leonard iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support than
greek reject reunification last " be allow to the european union under complicated set of rule for the divide island . top iranian lawmaker say supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei play role in parliament 's approval thursday of nominee for mahmoud ahmadinejad 's cabinet . defense anatoly hrytsenko say thursday 700 of ukraine 's more than " 1 in iraq could be withdraw april . authority in greece have send riot police to top tourist attraction after strike government worker shut down the for second day . 2 . steve brown u.s. three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support national
in similar incident last month " bomber strike police forensic lab in baghdad " kill 22 people . in 2005 " the government pass controversial hydrocarbon law impose significantly high royalty and require foreign firm then under risk - share contract to surrender all production to the state energy company in for service fee . - - old nick on the reality tv show know best with father " mother " and sister . niger 's government say it will compensate farmer $ 1.8 " 1 franc for every bird destroy when the cull process begin . nicolas sarkozy have say repeatedly largely - muslim turkey should be offer privileged partnership rather than full membership . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
monday " be in syria for landmark talk with syrian bashar al - assad to discuss plan for future effort with israel . say the institute in 2001 have put $ billion into the hand of american citizen . the united state have offer to european talk with iran if it first agree to suspend uranium enrichment . ukrainian authority say 19 people " two child " be dead and at least 24 be miss after an explosion at an apartment build in the crimean resort town of yevpatoria . estonia 's parliament fail for second time to elect on tuesday deal blow to incumbent lennart meri and push the country towards stalemate in its choice of new head of state . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the footage " first air tv station sunday " show clementina wrap in blanket " sit between man point assault rifle at head . the be lead illinois republican henry hyde " of the international relation committee . u.s .- lead coalition force in afghanistan say kill 24 taleban fighter in seven - hour battle in the country 's restive south . " agriculture be very expensive and there be solution to our problem on the horizon " say odnosum . official be investigate and survey the damage as the char truck sit together at the depot . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
play on saturday : the attack at hotel leave more than people dead " and greatly raise fear the country 's security . the son of u.s. " dodd be elect to the of representative in 1974 " and serve three term before election to the senate in 1980 . the international of have affirm decade - old treaty grant colombia three small island in the caribbean . american actor jolie and brad be donate $ 2 to wildlife sanctuary in namibia " where they spend christmas with their child . iraq bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support national
the deputy of the u.s. central command " lt .- . lance smith " friday " the number of additional would depend on the security situation follow the assault on fallujah " would " probably be an additional brigade 's worth of force " -- up to several thousand soldier . soccer - first division summary . ibrahim al - jaafari 's condemn the abuse depict in the image first broadcast television this week . brussels 1996 - 08 - 28 government deny the charge . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
chela need three hour and 41 minute and five set to defeat of switzerland " 04-jun " 06-feb " 07-jun " 01-jun " 06-apr . for last 's second quarter which end july 29 1995 best post loss of $ 7.1 million or $ per share on sale of $ million . san diego 3 new york 2 10 inning george promise to lift trade restriction now north korea submit the declaration . the fast - grow on - line gaming sector of the industry could boost revenue attract large audience and for longer time . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
burma in 2008 be strike cyclone nargis " which claim over " dead and ten of thousand injure and homeless . sk 3 3 5 4 in other first round play " of of the czech republic " 06-jan " 06-jan . thousand of people be kill annually in the conflict . have the business to u.s. assistance effort already underway . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
new poll find most disapprove of the presence of american in their country " be optimistic this week 's election and the country 's future . on friday " u.s. of state condoleezza express concern extremist force and syria and iran be try to destabilize lebanon . the obelisk be take from take from the city of axum in 1937 order of italian dictator benito mussolini during italy 's brief occupation of ethiopia . israel have blockade the palestinian territory for three " after the militant group hamas seize from the moderate government . police on horseback charge into crowd of angry british student demonstrate in central london on thursday to protest university hike . iraq more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support than
during 2010 " canada 's economy grow only 3 " due to decrease demand and value canadian dollar . - 1 hal sutton through 11 in statement " the muslim public council condolence to the family of the victim and to the british people . the oust leader 's call the " absurd . " meanwhile " iraqi kurdish " sunni and shi'ite be meet today in an 11th - hour effort to agree on constitution ahead of night deadline . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
in an interview publish saturday in the netherlands ' daily " colonel say in troubled uruzgan province recently have be involve in six with insurgent . " bernd " for nato 's international security assistance force " isaf " reporter wednesday civilian driver should behave so they can not be mistaken for . japanese concern be raise scene of mob violence at match in pyongyang between iran and north korea on wednesday . four soldier be wound in the attack . earlier " military spokeswoman lt . col . say steele be take into custody month ago " and be be at detention facility in kuwait await hear to determine whether he should - martial . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the ministry of agriculture say the late outbreak kill total of " 2 bird and prompt health official to cull more than " 30 bird . the psa say 80 percent of the country 's servant take part in the strike which be rare to mugabe have be in independence from britain in 1980 . dole 's tax plan be call " - economic .... it 's warm - over plan fail and drive our economy into ditch . university of michigan survey of hundred of household show the steep monthly drop in consumer confidence on record in october . clear up lot of thing . iraq three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
the identity of person will light the cauldron on friday remain tightly guard secret . unidentified kidnapper abduct ms. hassan last month and call on britain to withdraw its troop from iraq . police say car bomb go off near traffic police station few kilometer from where british prime gordon brown meet with iraqi official . more than 360 worshipper in stampede during the stone ritual ago . official have consistently refuse to talk with maskhadov " whom they call terrorist and accuse of attack civilian . three himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support national however
iran say it will talk with the united state next week on security in iraq . china say terrorism be the big to the . the of venezuela " " be visit honduras and nicaragua to discuss regional cooperation and energy deal . police have arrest four more suspect in connection with july 's train bombing in mumbai formerly know as bombay kill nearly 200 people and wound more than 800 other . hear music release will be through starbuck store and other music retailer . three bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support national
the official believe the device explode prematurely and suspect the rebel revolutionary armed force of colombia farc be the allege plot . -docstart- -docstart- official say car bomb and roadside bomb explode as the 's convoy through predominantly neighborhood camp sara . john roberts and and clarence thomas support allow the execution to proceed . iraq three more himself nuclear / zimbabwe city than
lead prize money romania 's main have call for repeat of sunday 's first round of presidential and parliamentary " allege widespread electoral fraud . and prominent democratic official fear an fight between clinton and could lead to depressed turnout democratic voter in the . of the 26 state " meet in brussels " condemn terrorism in all its form and reaffirm nato 's determination to combat terrorism and defend the 's value of freedom " tolerance and democracy . meanwhile " u.s. soldier fire warn shot outside the u.s. military headquarters at bagram air base tuesday " where several hundred afghans gather to demand the release of eight villager arrest in an overnight raid . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
authority in the northern indian state of pradesh say at least 11 people be kill sunday afternoon when bus pack with passenger veer off road and plunge into canal . international and egyptian human group have criticize egyptian prison " police station and detention center for what they say be widespread brutality and torture . the official china daily report monday plan have be draw up to expand the subway network to 19 line where it will all major corner of china 's capital city . howard say " prior to 2005 " the u.s. defense have restrict military access to vital information on iraq . dr. molina have be petition the cuban government to allow to travel to argentina to son " life in exile there . three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support than
under the original term of the compact of free association " the us provide $ 1.3 billion in grant aid during the period 1986 - 2001 ; the level of aid have be subsequently . medium report say will not renew the work visa of some - base al - jazeera employee " and the network 's reporter will have less access to news and briefing . glamorgan first forfeit and 273 - 5 h. morris the united nation development program have name spanish actor antonio bandera as goodwill in the fight against . 4 2 0 2 4 3 iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
it give no source for the report . two religious be to join the government . earlier report drop in net profit after abnormal to a$ million for the from a$ million the previous . shi'ite be divide over the . opinion poll indicate socialist democrat adrian nastase and bucharest mayor traian basescu - the nominee of the justice and truth - head the of 12 presidential candidate . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
hamas unleash intensive mortar strike on settlement earlier in the week after soldier kill several militant . official of another junior partner " the union of christian democrats " say its leader be consider withdrawal from the cabinet . state medium quote china 's top negotiator with taipei tang as visit group from taiwan on wednesday it be time for the to political talk . visit hamid karzai thank iran for build the $ 60 million highway and emphasize the reconstruction of war - tear afghanistan will help its neighbor . first - half goal from england native daniel bennett and give singapore the lead . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
in its annual report on the aids epidemic the world say the spread of hiv be stabilize in some of india 's overall it be still rise . european poultry farmer have say they have lose of dollar from people give chicken because of flu fear . cote d'ivoire be the world 's large producer and exporter of cocoa bean and significant producer and exporter of coffee and oil . bangkok 1996 - 08 - 29 and radical shi'ite cleric moqtada al - sadr in jordan today for talk with king abdullah and other official in day . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city
the good intention will not always ensure success . petersburg 24 9 4 11 24 26 31 -docstart- india be involve in armed force and police " build road " school " hospital " line " dig well and support trade and service . the vacuum be due to standoff between the - western govern coalition saad al - hariri and syrian - michael . iraq of three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe
in wednesday to arab leader meet in algiers " annan say within the next few day he expect to release report on fact - find mission into the february 14th kill . the group accuse of fail to stop people from damage several mass graf in the war - tear country . nimeiri to in coup in 1969 and serve for 16 until he too be oust coup in 1985 while visit the united state . those talk resume sunday with from each side meet to discuss israel 's condition for hand over the city . slovenia 's trade with poland rise to $ million in 1995 from $ million in 1994 . iraq three more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe support
speak at news friday " lopez obrador say he would keep fight and would campaign from jail cell he have to . bird flu have kill three people in turkey and 79 in east asia 2003 . - raid and incident have continue despite mediation effort libyan moammar gadhafi . northern and southern iraq be rich in oil . thaksin and government be expect to be swear in on . of more bomb himself nuclear / zimbabwe city support
