other show will take place in jersey ; ; shanghai " china ; rio de janeiro " brazil ; sydney " ; johannesburg " south africa ; hamburg " germany ; and istanbul " turkey . say in television address under the constitution " the parliament would have authority . yasser arafat will meet shimon peres in gaza on thursday after palestinians say the - wing israeli government have the palestinian from fly to the west bank for talk with the . baseball - sorrento hit slam as seattle rout orioles . professional in india protest quota have be professional from other field " as demonstration continue in the capital .
in addition to economic slowdown china " the - american development bank say " rise u.s. interest rate and fall dollar could affect latin " where many country already have massive level of public debt . in the capital " pristina " gates u.s. support for kosovo 's territorial integrity and to maintain u.s. presence there until at least 2009 . ajax amsterdam 0 3 the economic downturn and electricity and water price hurt malta 's economy " which be dependent on foreign trade " manufacturing - especially electronic and pharmaceutical - and tourism " growth bounce as the economy recover in 2010 . editor and long - time leftist teodoro petkoff have announce he be for .
the song of the and single of the award go to the song " live like you be " " write tim and craig and tim . the tape - first thursday broadcaster al - jazeera - say there be plan for attack in the united state " offer " long - term " american force out of iraq and afghanistan . in january 2007 " montenegro the world bank and imf . official be prohibit americans from do business with the company . activist on the other of the support abortion will be small rally in and other city .
greenland " the world 's large island " be 81 ice cap . duma lawmaker vote unanimously for the - friendship mutual assistance treaty " which formalize economic " diplomatic . south african be write to american girl whose in bottle find wash on nelson mandela 's old prison island . be not injure . vicente fox be not eligible to run for re - because mexican law just six - term .
during long career " five tony award for theater work . on " china 's official news agency quote " of the university population " as say the 2020 " 25 man will fail to have wife the current gender imbalance continue . the 's daughter be go into senior of school at friend school private school in . 4 . u.s. 3 . 16
the company to do good in the future . thai police say lao couple have be find behead in southern thailand " the late victim of suspect separatist violence . karzai say have fire " - rank " official be spy for other country " warn would not spare anyone engage in such activity . speaker at the slam for decision they say be steadily move into authoritarian . the - run herald say mugabe 's 85th birthday will be celebrate in the town of " north of the capital .
july 7 32.0 7.0 5.0 edwards criticize move to suspend set minimum wage for worker on . say the man kill near nablus be member of the militant group al aqsa martyrs brigade . rafael palmeiro 's - out single in the inn score roberto alomar with the go - ahead run as the oriole rally past the california angel - 4 and take over the american 's - card on . on sunday " north korea meet with u.s. official earlier this month .
it warn work in place where arabs be employ . which expect the begin of " say . indonesian navy official say three of the boat flee the warship shot the fourth boat do not to radio signal . tarasyuk say of week 's meet be to reorganize the small " which " say " could in other country . due to meet " be multilateral committee task with resolve the stalemate .
gbagbo have be isolated the international community " the united " to yield the presidency although he have few vote than ouattara in last month 's poll . the follow effort palestinian to persuade militant to end their campaign of anti - israeli attack so he can negotiate for palestinian on israeli - occupy land . he say the will not the tax successfully push through in 2001 . member of the of petroleum export country be schedule to consider oil supply and price at meet on march 5 . the times report say the doctor be debrief u.s. authority on friday .
arnhem 85th sparta rotterdam gerard georgia 's main economic activity the cultivation of agricultural product such as grape " citrus fruit " mining of copper of small industrial sector produce alcoholic " " machinery " aircraft . economist track consumer for clue the consumer demand drive most economic activity . japan north korea have not have bilateral talk for . number of suspect be be in pakistan .
" on the island as at the place the interior ministry 's paris address people be aware be and be do what . -docstart- on friday " saudi arabia request u.s. george for riyadh to oil production in hop of control soar gas price . pusan 0 0 0 hariri in cairo tuesday he have information plot to kill and lebanese fuad siniora " though he do not elaborate .
be quarterly on basis . union official say the nation use the euro this " which will rise unemployment grow government debt . outside the sambadrome " tourist the into the street " wear costume mask eat drink to excess . of marta virginia ruano pascual of in the double 07-may " 06-feb . the three white police have be suspend from the police force pay .
ship unload tonne of iraq sugar at jordan 's . last week " levan gachechiladze say council will not take its seat in the legislature to protest result . talat will replace rauf denktash " have lead the community for decade " do not seek term . south korea 's yonhap news agency say the of nine three child . the polisario " with algeria 's support " demand popular referendum the of independence .
stenn start jail sentence on thursday just as he be prepare to contest obtain diana ban from within yard of . the u.s. say soldier kill suspect member of al - qaida in iraq 22 other during raid in mosul ramadi . in the become self - govern commonwealth . six country talk on north korea 's nuclear program have be stall last november . the - dominate province be where more than 500 british soldier begin carry out air assault on stronghold late last week .
the paris - base for economic cooperation and development present the report thursday during to the capital turkish recep tayyip erdogan . earlier this week " seek the death for the group 's allege ringleader myuran sukumaran . the studio be to be restructure and " it will continue make movie . modify crop have have dna engineer to make resistant to and . earlier " air strike kill hamas militant and wound several other people in the northern town of .
baseball game play on . orii equipment . world 800 masterkova the way finish in . the protest over industrial pollution be the third this in zhejiang province . however " be send to the as the country do not have agreement .
civilian be kill in the iraqi bombing " irna quote the radio report as say . the attorney for of the suspect u.s. " identify as john correa " have be mention as link between the and the united . socialist costas simitis announce the snap poll on thursday problem with the economy the country 's convergence with the union and tense relation with neighbour turkey . thousand of people in the haitian capital have demonstrate in support of rene preval . the u.s. diplomat plan to talk with government official in khartoum meeting in the south of the country .
and airline " out of the united " start fly to baghdad earlier this . they say the rescue attempt be chaotic and cause many of the death " most of child . the university of south florida fire al - from position as computer he be in 2003 " say he use academic position for " purpose . ehud olmert be schedule to meet with palestinian in jerusalem . bristol city 0 blackpool
rank slowly begin to drop as struggle with wrist injury . seat in liberia war month . do good this ne good diesel good engine oil say ivan odnosum . chicago houston al watan
official say at least 25 other be injure in the in the city 's crowd garden neighborhood . in baghdad " official with the influential group on carroll 's abductor to unharmed . at least 30 be destroy dozen more " force people to flee for life . he english to africa william eagle the au be consider number of possibility - send in to work alongside un peacekeeper the congolese " go in alone -docstart-
286 hidemichi tanaka japan 66 75 75 70 steve jones 70 69 democrats " as well as some member of 's own republican " plan to question alito on grant under the u.s. constitution . romanian traian basescu reject the demand . ivanov add will keep its nuclear capability equal to of the united state and other nuclear in technological " not in the actual number of weapon . official in say six chechen rebel have be kill in with commando south of the provincial capital " grozny .
richard lamm have not to ross perot as the of the reform cnn report late tuesday . the chemical group say net income gain to guilde $ " or 6.7 guilde share " from 144 guilde " or guilde share " ago . police say they find 35 metric ton of marijuana on thursday on ship prepare to set sail for the from colombia 's caribbean port of cartagena . tuesday " the u.s. of representative bill the anti - terrorism law know as the . u.s. congressman of peace plan .
the datum death rate for the most common fatal illness " such as heart attack " heart failure pneumonia . tourism " mostly in tobago " be target for be grow . the man meet as ozawa in effort to improve relation between the country . assume be due to the fact be public poke in the nose . survey of americans this week suggest support for be near at - time low .
make the in the british parliament . authority say the militant attack the district government headquarters in in southeastern khost province late friday . pentagon " geoff " say want to be able to counter missile attack possibly from iran as as rocket fire from palestinian territory . the eu be look at chinese textile flood into market quota expire january . in an unrelated development " u.s .- lead coalition soldier and be injure when armored vehicle roll over during mission in eastern kunar province late .
producer have more in report . the say be willing to use the national strategic reserve to meet immediate fuel urge citizen to conserve fuel curtail trip conserve electricity during peak hour . in prague : sparta prague czech republic 8 local resident say least half of the dead be civilian . batsman michael clarke phil lead the with clarke 73 run 51 .
the lawmaker agree thursday in brussels to set committee to look into the matter . dr. lee say poultry product be important source of protein thorough cook kill the virus . public protest be ban in the . government alfred mutua say sunday some have accuse the government of - hunt " mutua say the government will not discriminate in its effort to thief to . correspondent lawrence sheet speak from the nearby village of - say he have hear little from grozny evening 's arrival of alexander say he " with peace " .
say dependent on rain in semi arid region be particularly at risk . result of ahead of " deputy ehud olmert say be consider speed its strip withdrawal plan " to avoid further protest of the pullout . of expert be try to determine why the build collapse . greek socialist pm green for .
have on the u.s. to defense spending bill before it go on recess next month . tuesday " he be to meet libyan moammar gadhafi in tripoli . iran say it have arrest several iranian journalist " charge work be at fuel ethnic division within the country . musharraf have plan to attend the ceremony in and meet with chinese . the world health " death would to 23 the number of people in indonesia have from the virus .
the government have charge bakiyev with kill " accuse of order force to on anti government protester during the uprising . earlier " hamas official say they plan to boycott the talk with fatah . will take it over month " say . will remain in the overnight for . elbaradei say " regional be not . "
3 . william tanui kenya buy cow it to use the bathroom in bill yard . she take the name of teresa of the child . warlord have rule somalia mohamed siad barre be in 1991 . government authority have declare tuesday public holiday " iranian medium say many airline flight have be .
u.s. defense in tuesday 's network be small " be very lethal and have carry out large number of attack . in development " palestinian official say today israel plan to grant amnesty to 110 militant after they to renounce violence the state . the attack be in orissa state " nearly 550 kilometer south of the state capital bhubaneshwar . south africa have lead mediation effort on zimbabwe 's crisis " and have be slam repeatedly the for its approach of so - call " quiet diplomacy " towards the mugabe government . 17 - 3 - 42 - cork 7 - - 38 - 0 salisbury 14 - 0 - 71 - 0
the world health be the effort at reverse surge in polio case which start in nigeria . speak in the capital " " visit foreign alexander downer say he rini economic reform be go to be central to the survival of the country . tom casey " u.s. state " concern tuesday seif " be arrest as part of crackdown activist . roadside bomb kill at least person in kirkuk . unfortunately it us 04-jan .
successor " eduardo " announce an end to the peso 's decade - long peg to the us dollar in 2002 . the 's late contrast sharply with recent accusation the united be plot to assassinate . - 0 . - alexandre grasshopper antonio grasshopper sebastien stuttgart christophe lausanne patrick sion inter milan murat grasshopper . this be osama 's first december " 2004 .
alex delay the of third containment vessel be set to double the amount of oil be collect to to " barrel . the discovery of the threaten to further polarize iraq 's sunni " kurdish and majority shi'ite community . the u.n. say many of the smuggler be ruthless " the migrant make swim long distance to shore . israeli foreign will visit egypt this sunday for talk with the foreign ministry say on . . ian woosnam pound sterling
much of sit below sea level " and the failure during hurricane katrina put 80 percent of the city underwater . 's testimony just vote in referendum on constitution . have an agreement with pyongyang to return asylum seeker " have many to travel to south korea through third country . violence to the insurgency have kill at least " 4 people in 2006 . news agency quote ivanov as say will supply air defense to syria .
the march to u.n. peacekeeping headquarters in kinshasa coincide with to the nation - kofi annan . " work for saudi firm " be abduct in november with american colleague " roy hallums " whose remain . be discover the search for earthquake survivor have already be halt . the do not specify the number of weapon find " it the " large weapon cache to date in the city " - - time rebel bastion . men 's single
month south korea announce it would background on north koreans seek asylum in the south as as subsidy to north korean defector . americans h. have this nobel prize in . in 1987 be from replace el ben ali in bloodless coup . income ruth reader narrate .
the stimulus program bank bailout however result in government budget deficit of nearly 4.6 of in 2009 in 2010 contrast sharply with surplus of 0.7 of in 2008 . pakistani official say of computer lead on active al qaida network . specifically mention village in south darfur the of recent fight between rebel government force . tomas 58th . mullally 3 39 24 9.75 iraq
the close station have report regularly on the violence in mogadishu between insurgent ethiopian the somali government . have not rule out the possibility " say last week there be plan to shut it down . sixto have admit buy bulk shipment of radio through company create " the equipment to the center at price . religious family to the holiday entirely " say it celebrate evil the devil . first division match :
add the united be work through swiss official to request information on the journalist . official say the happen thursday when the assailant attack victim in the village of . foreigner be flock to the chinese capital for the and have go on the charm offensive . reed international plc say net income for the six month end oct. slip 5 to # $ " or 16 share " from # $ " or share . the of perry resign remain the pennsylvania republican say .
last month " the u.n. say it have mobilize nearly 600 member of its staff in haiti to support the country 's electoral process . the government seek to boost the economy accelerate infrastructure program " offer corporate tax break for employer to retain worker " and export facility . bank be hurt loss on investment in and other area . wing pieter be expect to retain place follow would be pick out of position on the wing . roza otunbayeva news at the of tuesday the be return in violation of kyrgyz law and the presence of u.n. official .
sao paulo andre and santos defender narciso be substitute during their game take to sao paulo and fly to rio de janeiro in private jet charter the football confederation . the of the above - average rainfall be not lose on plain wheat producer only three month ago be catch in drought so severe old - liken condition to the " dust bowl " day of the 1930 . khin nyunt " the purge in mid - october " head the fear . it be unclear it will lead the force . london 1996 - 08 - 24
the area be consider hideout for al - qaida . for the of tony blair say thursday what be important be not timetable to help iraq while it determine its own future . united nation - kofi annan say he expect the bosnian serb government to follow its apology for the srebrenica massacre with drive to arrest and prosecute those responsible for the killing . british colony " cyprus become in 1960 follow of resistance to british rule .
hadley say be work very closely with pakistan afghanistan to counter the . the roadside attack in western baghdad kill people . -- wong york energy desk + 212 859 turkey have say it would not privileged . svetlana masterkova brussels
democrats other have slam fema for what they say be slow response to the disaster . crewe 3 4 4 4 tuesday 's south china morning quote cabinet say tung be because be tired health be not good . cricket english county scores . the claim " the " " as the reinforcement be " have help violence around the country .
" major smith say the gunman wound other american soldier in the shoot sunday . in an with the u.s. under of for affair " nicholas burns " say pakistan 's plan to lie land mine part of its with afghanistan be bilateral . north . fight center in mogadishu have kill thousand of people and prompt more than " other to flee the city . - government politician be push for constitutional change would the of the .
this fujimori will remain under arrest . very hungry fox " some bread meat shepherd in the hollow of oak " creep into the make meal . however " many business remain . eleven other people have be in the case . the be in line with 's peace accord " which to six - month in " the nation 's first independence in 1960 .
the crowd seven - car train carry at least 550 passenger during the morning hour hit an automobile at road near " kilometer west of . palkhivala say acc have secure government approval to take over cement firm with capacity of tonne per . " third day the charter approve late thursday would grant rafael correa broad " function currently the central bank . they be trading unchanged just before the of close guilde down at after it report net profit of guilde last and estimate range from to .
at the three - association of nation asean in kuala lumpur in december " syed be to lead an asean to visit burma to observe democratic reform . be concerned the pace could inflation rate or lead to investment in unnecessary . kapil india 434 wicket 131 test he say there be concern other group try to carry out attack because they think u.s. official be the situation . u.s. consumer price sharp drop in half century in november .
indonesia only recently agree to resume share its flu sample with the " end - month dispute . the atlantic ocean provide some of the world 's most heavily traffic sea route " between and within the eastern and western hemisphere . lopez be of several veteran cuban musician together in 1996 u.s. and producer as of film documentary and album . delegate at the will representative from the united " union " and the - american development bank . the replace 's schedule appearance at imf - host seminar thursday on 's economic reform program .
victim have accuse the of fail for decade to to punish priest . india 's republic mark the found of the indian republic in 1950 " three its independence from britain . watch representative say expulsion from follow critical report show will not tolerate . mehlis say he have not uncover link to the february 14 bombing kill hariri and 20 other in beirut . he warn of more attack .
. ian britain qureia cabinet israel 's continue aggression send clear it do not want to thing to quiet down and the peace process on track . anxiety over the budget the currency market where the franc lose around half from 's late european level to per mark . the lawmaker " however " discussion of akayev 's . government livestock angel say official believe the virus the dominican republic through introduce into the country illegally .
york los angeles 3 sharon have kadima to the on march 28 . meanwhile lopez obrador have to temporarily end protest in downtown mexico city . say be develop the economy of the country .
last he lead police to the of two other girl age eight of starvation this after their abduction in june 1995 . the of benin and nigeria have help launch program to vaccinate 40 million child in the region polio . official in district " where the attack take place thursday " say the rebel fire indiscriminately . ali be arrest on october after magazine " - - " woman 's argue give up be not crime should be punish death " as sanction some interpretation of islamic sharia law . iran have accuse iraq of violate the ceasefire end their 1980 - 88 war some 32 time between the end of march and 31 this the iranian news agency irna report on .
have claim responsibility for the attack . iraqi be conduct joint operation in ramadi to al - qaida - in - iraq in the river valley . play : indian official say until singh recover " there will be collective decision - make the cabinet " external mukherjee . of the corps be identify not the third find in in nearby canal .
meanwhile " say force have admit responsibility for the " friendly - " death of bulgarian soldier in southern iraq week ago . later equalise through peter atherton find in the area to meet mark 's kick with precise header . -docstart- sunday " the national weather upgrade katrina to rare category " the most intense on the - simpson hurricane scale . official have sign agreement on oil " agriculture technology during meeting in caracas .
the say of the image will lead to public examination of army interrogation . palestinian official have criticize the plan . siofok 0 dismiss dozen of other last they to october as . police say the boat " large number of " turn over late in heavy south of the capital " freetown .
the tiny island of the seychelle fail to make soccer history at the when they bow out of the preliminary round of the african nation cup . he be the first blogger in egypt to be sentence specifically for writing . in houston " texas in the southwestern " have three citizen of involvement in traffic ring responsible for the death of 19 people in 2003 . the irna report quote inform source as say rowhani " head nuclear talk with the union " have send letter to khatami . florida 8 cincinnati 3 gm
three not guilty during hear in nairobi . louis 68 61 .527 1/2 report say rebel of the lord 's resistance army lra be the attack . " ukraine 's big for five be the of peace - ethnic harmony " leonid say in televise statement this week . schoch lead the world cup with " point .
's report . under the deal " will ocean boat " coastal vessel " maritime surveillance plane . it on the government to full coverage of the humanitarian need of the local population . bachelet the man woman represent " historic for equality " in chile . there be report of shoot in the build " witness say gunshot be as police enter the legislative in city .
the bill authorize the of fund " valuable and other property through . few other be . ivanov speak meet with ukraine 's defense " hrytsenko " in moscow . pakistani official say roadside bomb kill seven pakistani soldier in the northwest " as the army push with its offensive militant . and " once " earlier this to the u.s. fundraising drive for victim of the tsunami .
european union representative be travel to the middle east sunday in hop of persuade israeli and palestinian to move toward humanitarian truce in the gaza strip . manager bobby enjoy first success in charge of barcelona as weather 90 minute of non - stop atletico madrid pressure to the spanish super cup - 5 on aggregate on . instead " the government 's second - in - command " maung aye " host the event this . lyon 23rd 30th nancy 0 . the strasbourg - base rule thursday gay organizer nikolai alexeyev be discriminate base on sexual orientation .
montevideo " found the spanish in as stronghold " take advantage of its natural harbor to become important commercial center . lead result in index end slightly weak while active be unchanged on nearly share trade . it say valenzuela will meet with student at university in ecuador " the university " deliver on u.s. foreign at the latin american for . foreign ibrahim sign for the to elect successor to mohammad khatami .
childhood obesity affect child in most country in the world accord to the international obesity task force . have kill palestinian gunman attack between the strip and . during televise announcement thursday " the 74-year - old petkoff say " the " division and fear can not continue . " british foreign malcolm rifkind say on tuesday from pakistan government would only take the plan in london british law be break . in limit order specify the price at which they be willing to buy as oppose to market order execute at prevail price .
the resolution " consensus thursday formal vote " blame - government militia and rebel in darfur for the violation . york 59 69 21 world number man 's tennis player hewitt of have number andy roddick of the to the final of the tennis master cup tournament in houston " texas . ------------------------ the union have warn saudi arabia it will take at the world trade " the kingdom support widen muslim boycott of danish product .
sunday in syria armitage say damascus have improve its with iraq . merck be thousand of other lawsuit over . official say wali be suspect in frequent attack on the . heavy rain could fall in of cuba with 25 centimeter in the western central region . the other final of the night the woman point race end in success the reign .
us michael describe tuesday 's agreement as an important moment in bilateral relation between the nation " add it be key in advance - proliferation goal . mexico be catch in rise wave of violence as drug cartel battle for territory and fight crackdown lead felipe calderon " have ten of thousand of and police across mexico to try to stop the violence . the flood overturn car and truck " and be catch in the branch of . the epicenter of 's 7.9 magnitude earthquake be in sichuan " and most of the death from the quake be in the province . the firm be the fourth - large of its kind in the world and gain at port it in asia " " and part of europe .
" the from china eastern province of . the meeting focus on limit on import to protect american clothing manufacturer from low cost competition . will the eu scientific committee to examine it " gerard . halftime 0 0 . the elephant into in village earlier this week while she be asleep they say .
market in london and paris be and percent " while be down nearly percent . and an iraqi militant group on the internet it say show the kill of american hostage ronald allen schultz " be abduct this month . iran 's ayatollah ali khamenei say the united and be country 's main enemy . most of those charge be part of police company base in the u.s. of . moodie " rank 86th in the world " need match point to american sam " 02-jun " 07-jun " 07-jun .
1991 " the country seek to gradually lessen its dependence on while develop its mineral petroleum reserve . guingamp recent " son of legend " kick this 's concert series " the sound of " nigeria to downtown los angele . the militant have be rocket from the area " despite earlier to such attack . china 's foreign ministry be urge its citizen not travel to iraq in the wake of the recent kidnapping of eight national iraqi insurgent .
the set point confusion at the net on the point which be award to oncin the shot at close quarter at the net . official thursday gamsakhurdia be in custody be arrest late at the tbilisi . with army of volunteer ready to help tourist " thousand of police on patrol " and floral display provide " to over the world with its makeover . scientist van der say the show vaccination the of chicken with avian flu as as the of healthy chicken . the man be identify as bodyguard at 's in the iraqi capital .
man claim to be local taleban news agency thursday " say the kidnapper be demand the of taleban prisoner in for the five hostage . it be not clear the bomb have be inside the car under it . fatah gunman fire shot in the air today from the roof of the palestinian parliament build in the west bank town of ramallah " demand the of fatah . u.n. - ban ki - moon be there " with nicolas sarkozy and iranian ahmadinejad . the bank of drain 3.9 billion franc at tender on to allocate fund for injection into the money market on tuesday .
they call the file an effort to the inquiry into the case . the area be stronghold of mehsud " taliban and al - qaida ally want pakistan and the united . he describe the move as an extraction tax " say it would create $ billion in revenue . israeli ariel sharon have restate refusal to national referendum on withdrawal plan " likud referendum call be stall tactic of the plan . the from the republican be of disdain .
u.n. - kofi annan say he will wait to read report due next week from detlev mehlis before to the probe to december " as request last week lebanese lawmaker . he decline to compare the insurgency in iraq with the one he in vietnam as navy lieutenant 30 ago . the boeing 737 " private airline kam air " vanish from the radar screen last thursday as it be approach kabul during blizzard . kerik once serve as new york city police commissioner under new york mayor . aide close to the pakistan muslim n say will meet to to stay in the coalition with the pakistan people 's .
's sisco have today 's mission update . pakistan 's can not be independently verify because access to the area be limited . stanst have be designate as the prefer option for handle hijacking in southern because it be more than heathrow and gatwick london 's major and handle less air traffic . djindjic be of the of the - democracy movement yugoslav slobodan milosevic in 2000 . an abc news poll on tuesday show bill 's lead over republican challenger bob dole stretch to 15 point in advance of the nov. 5 .
mark heavy snow " ice and fog and sunday cause deadly road accident and outage . when the clerk the cash " the man out gun and for all the cash in the register " which the clerk promptly provide . police say 's arrest in the suburb of the capital be part of an begin last july when kurds be arrest in paris try to " euro $ " in cash into other currency . outgo deputy of state richard armitage be slat to meet with turkish foreign gul as well as lawmaker and turkey 's army - of - staff .
obrador be currently lead most opinion poll . western diplomat say the new agreement to have avert showdown with the iaea over iran 's demand to exempt 20 nuclear centrifuge from pact earlier with european government . hurricane edouard grow strong on as it swirl across the atlantic ocean forecaster at the national hurricane center say the would likely swing north and miss the caribbean . kenya 's mwai kibaki say he will take decisive action within day in the multi - million - dollar scandal rock government . in cleveland 's two - out single in the of the 10th bring with the run as the milwaukee brewer send the cleveland indians to their third extra - 4 - 3 .
" the news be you be not skilled and ca n't contribute to to service and the organisation 's goal you 'll be pay less . " do not seat in the march 7 parliamentary in which allawi 's iraqiya the most vote . the united and the union have for great sunni participation on the committee " which have month to write permanent constitution before referendum set for october . he say for the rest of the country " the government be plan to have sufficient train and equipped iraqi force the end of 2007 - perhaps 2008 . they have be schedule to meet tuesday at the white .
add sharon remain in serious condition . hurricane katrina have batter southern florida with wind heavy rain " least three people dead move out over the gulf of mexico . 's trip be to ceremony mark the return to of century old book soviet during world war ii . -docstart- the vote hour of debate as the socialist the extension unnecessary because the violence be abate .
almost entirely paralyze reeve undergo extensive surgery to the vertebra to the base of the skull further to . earlier this week " foreign sergei lavrov say moscow oppose the deployment of union monitor in the region . bolivians demand the nationalization of the country 's energy industry have take over several oil belong to spanish oil company . official say the protest have interrupt at the " have be at the facility . foreign downer the iraqi official 's " . "
mughani say the hamas - lead force to sign an agreement to resign duty and to remain in gaza . the sharon government hop to implement its plan september " over from israeli nationalist . lahoud begin consultation " while syrian continue to redeploy in eastern " in the first stage of withdrawal from the country . report the south african government indicate more than six people in the country be hiv - " much high than previously think . china have report flock of flu - infect fowl - its ninth outbreak in month .
u.s. official say the crash late friday occur during combat operation in kunar province . as family band in west africa " want to use not just as entertainment " to address development in the region . the move be in response to 2004 rule the international of " which say texas official fail to notify the of their to talk to consular official shortly after their arrest . state statement in part response to cuban be the accord fail to return some of the cubans in recent migration . earlier " member of the interim cabinet " " say the transition process take as many as 17 month .
the african union have to somalia to replace the ethiopian force " which plan to withdraw . -- the nuclear " ali larijani " have serve as an aide to ayatollah ali khamenei and be know as conservative . have " largely free - market economy with per capita output roughly of " belgium " the " and sweden . financial - banking " fund management " insurance - for 23 of employment and 55 of total income in this tiny " prosperous channel island economy .
the pirate ship stop the fire warn shot " and the crew effectively surrender . u.s .- operation push the taleban from in 2001 " member of the extremist group continue to fight and foreign force the kabul government . chinese zeng and sign 17 bilateral agreement and cooperation in mining " oil and gas " as as technological partnership . india 's tata motor have begin equipment from its " cheap car " factory in eastern india " resolution in land dispute . revenue to $ 3 billion from $ 3.2 billion .
the treasury announce thursday it be freeze asset khalaf under jurisdiction " be prohibit american citizen from do business with . scientist say the earthquake 's epicenter be 150 below the earth 's surface . pakistani musharraf have in london for talk with tony on " trade the situation in afghanistan . official say the man be blindfolded then shoot squad . however " do say protect space be something have to be consider .
follow crucial victory in the democratic primary in the of pennsylvania " hillary say she be still the good to the presumptive republican nominee " john " in the . " you do me grave injustice " " say the boss " with pair of tear . there have be claim of responsibility . ireland 1996 - 08 - 29 despite be the small country in central " el salvador have the third large economy in the region .
the regional group together bahrain " kuwait " oman " " saudi arabia the . " there will be on the whole slightly upward climb consistent with our economic growth rate " say in reference to the property . iraq 's defense say of saddam hussein 's close aide " ali hassan al - majid - good know as chemical ali - will be the first member of the oust to go on trial for war crime . witness say between three car bomber drive to explode vehicle . the industry be at - genetic test .
earlier this month " say syria grow international isolation because of what he its failure to stop fighter from its into iraq . lawmaker be consider to punish for its grow trade gap with the . authority in morocco close tuesday " as ash from volcano once again air travel . nearly 40 have be kill begin its campaign last week . sweden 's om to london forest product bourse .
the head of the u.n. refugee agency 's local " nassif say boat carry some migrant capsize in the red sea . zebari " be in for ministerial meeting " say the - have displace hundred of kurds and threaten iraqi relation with iran . the dalai lama urge buddhist member of burma 's government to use the religion 's teaching of " compassion " and " love " when such situation of . the government will the remain half . greek conservative democracy pick bold / ogilvy and mather advertising company for its pre - campaign and spot thomson to help miltiadis evert on communication strategy it say in statement .
spur foe 's five minute before len and foe hit the in the second on header . what it down to be this : you be skilled you 'll . the junta reportedly have say she will have access to physician . be vacation in the u.s. pacific state of hawaii " two week ahead of the democratic national convention " where he and run mate will be nominate . they be hand over as part of 2003 peace pact between the colombian government and the united self - defense force of colombia " or .
gore roar labor rally of 1,000 union worker dole gingrich be the virtual of evil even mention housing jack kemp be dole 's run mate . he undergo procedure in february to ease breathe difficulty . more than 170 people " at least 97 lebanese soldier " have be kill the standoff begin 20th . in jeddah " long consider of the country 's most liberal city " voter conservative . law prohibit american from operation with force .
so " trial date have be set . after game play on tabulate under the previous u.s. champion " disturbia " rank distant last with $ 5.7 million in box gross . . max van heeswijk motorola 4 hour 39 white scott mcclellan say in statement friday look forward to palestinian effort to improve governance " revive the economy " institute security reform " and fight terror .
u.s. have find guilty of assault an detainee " later of injury . kwan say take herself the be the most difficult decision she have ever have to make . there be immediate report of injury . they ne our love and compassion . " bolivian evo be to attend the for talk with counterpart luiz inacio lula da silva to the price of gas export to brazil .
-docstart- annan say rely on the nuclear - proliferation treaty be not enough and " joint " tough inspection rule . . capiot the american western have eight of 15 game at field the yankees as the only with record at the a.l. central . will the remain 10 seat .
the lra be originally from uganda have evolve into roam band of fighter cause terror across central africa . kurds in turkey begin campaign for an homeland in the in 1984 . the say soldier shoot the militant he attack an israeli patrol . " can look on week of remarkable " say even reference to the republican majority in the and senate . african be mourn pope john " while teaching and in the significant growth of the on the african continent .
official say they 114 expulsion order as of the same operation . 's be meet at the white friday for talk on bilateral and . the official news agency say sunday airway be undergo final official review " and be clear to begin operation nov. 20 . man visit haiti in march to international on economic to the caribbean country . in lawsuit " pearl allege bank limited knowingly provide financial to charity link to extremist group .
official say militant have hang five in southern afghanistan as public warn to other . beauty be profile personality in machado allege weight problem page news this week . concern the legislative process could lead to the disclosure of sensitive matter . the say the late phase be " begin " promise the situation in afghanistan will be reassess in december . be bear in " illinois on 4 february 1921 .
do not say would continue as the army . meet at the white . case have attract international because williams be the author of series of child 's book warn young people the danger of gang . during the erupt in which several suspect militant . the government 's development strategy center on create cluster of development in sector .
more than people have be kill in violence between the minority and the majority hutus 1993 . they sun themselves the old " - lane road through the " and be diminish be still sight . palestinian interior ministry accuse in the at the jabaliya refugee camp . the and apple - dispute as to which be the most beautiful . dr. molina 's family in cuba .
" date 12 be on the internet and attribute to the ansar al - sunna militant group . mahathir be report as say he believe will use as proxy to attack tehran . u.s. forecaster say the 's wind strengthen on tuesday morning to nearly 150 kilometer per hour . from paris " lisa bryant report for the arrest mark further blow for member of . he the government for what he its " secure " over the past which he say increase on the world stage .
karzai the u.n. assembly terrorist prosperous afghanistan as their ultimate . an au say the soldier be hurt when roadside bomb explode near an au vehicle . after game play on tabulate under - draw lose goal for goal point : - editorial lambast jalal talabani of kurdish rebel faction in the north for with iran in its fight . take - day break in talk after miss 's draft deadline .
it be not clear how many live in the nation to what extent they can practice . interior intelligence in 's seal the closer link during talk in warsaw . in addition " they will in the reorganize company " which will be name ranger industry inc . militant accuse the man of work with force across the in afghanistan . official say land mine bomb still kill hundred of afghans every .
result of first division local official in pakistan 's northern tribal region say the late sunday the helicopter into pakistan 's north waziristan district . have host italy " " to the round of man 's curl at the . moreno the bridge " as american as apple " - expression common in the to indicate something be certainly american - even though it do not connect to dry land . launch the strike sunday rocket from into southern on friday .
arafat say declare war on . guillaume raoux vs. filip dewulf belgium speculation rubin not stay in post grow he question future cabinet post during television at the democratic convention in chicago this week . the fourth soldier be kill indirect fire during in western baghdad . u.s. congressional be close to finish work on compromise budget bill money for the u.s .- lead war in iraq " deadline to withdraw the .
while medvedev 's past fleurian be rather ordinary the fact the be play each other be rather remarkable . 7 . alexandre ukraine 67 pakistan 's yusuf raza gilani say government will not fall " despite the plan mqm move . most have be charge " representation or trial . the brief day defense " visit in kuwait " be why their vehicle be not adequately protect .
shortly before down in late 2003 after 22 in " mahathir remark " jews rule the world proxy " " set of international criticism . stronach " founder and control shareholder of magna " resign as last to seek " unsuccessfully " seat in canada 's parliament . u.s. judge have order the to 15 polar bear in alaska should be on the endanger specie because of global warm . the national assembly will be in for 10 month and will draft new constitution . service huge number of non - manufacturing business " everything from shop to airline " and make up the majority of activity in the u.s. economy .
blair will be seek third term in " follow landslide victory in 1997 and 2001 . haitian rene preval have an official with the inter - american development bank to be the country 's . u.n. special envoy terje roed - larsen have meet with bashar al - assad to international demand for full and rapid withdrawal of from . the rebel say they be fight on behalf of people and landless laborer . follow the meet " the - level chinese tank base on the outskirt of havana " where member be detail on the structure " mission and history of the facility .
-docstart- the economy be heavily dependent on the extraction processing of mineral for export . in the country 's late mine accident " say 123 people be underground the blast occur " 27 later escape . pakistan say the of its paramilitary frontier corps be helicopter under rocket attack in troubled baluchistan province thursday . dejan savicevic equalise for the past check fire in - foot shoot in the young fiorentina goalkeeper francesco little chance .
speak to iraq 's national council " the say aide of want terrorist musab al - have be kill and other have be capture . the say retaliate " kill the militant and destroy their hideout near natural gas installation in the area . he say last month eu farm commissioner franz fischler to ban sheep brain spleen and spinal cord from the and animal food chain be specific and precautionary move to protect health . florida at louis indonesian authority blame azahari husin for orchestrate last month 's attack in as well as the 2002 bombing kill more than people .
hwang have allegation of ethical . the missile " develop india " be friday from ship " the " in the bay of bengal the coast of orissa . august 29th schedule the law california the first to move beyond the government impose its own greenhouse gas limit . other world be welcome the formation of iraqi government " month the country 's parliamentary .
-docstart- she make the on the way to the united an asian " just north korea announce it will end yearlong boycott and return to disarmament talk july 25 . the combination be the first time treatment have be recommend for late - stage cervical cancer . security official say police seal the main road in the central town of khan younis . " realise this put percent of your into tennis do n't think you can successful " say the 22-year - old medvedev .
u.s. embassy in riyadh say specter from neighbour oman on sunday and on have talk with saudi and american official in dhahran where 19 u.s. airman be kill fuel truck bomb on june 25 and riyadh . and u.s. official say soldier in gun battle in mosul . claim jerusalem as its capital " while want east jerusalem as the capital of future . the dalai lama john for mission to peace to the world and frequent travel " despite the pontiff 's fail health . this vote seal the division of my country . "
croatian janica kostelic " the world cup overall " the mere . 8 equal . begin to to " other . pakistan " key in the war " have " 80 to its tribal region to root out foreign militant local . the island host 2.4 visitor in 2008 .
least 1.5 cambodian from execution force hardship starvation during the rouge under pol pot . the say the will meet to of mutual interest related to development in the mideast region . ford be the world third large automaker . dravid knock contain seven boundary . -docstart-
u.s. television network " " first report the drone attack earlier this week . in today " authority say at least iraqi soldier be kill and other wound when roadside bomb strike patrol near the iranian in diyala province . dushevina " rank in the world " next meet amelie mauresmo of in the round . the report blame the failure in iraq on to collect good information " error in analysis " and failure to make clear how much of analysis be base on assumption rather than evidence . " jacque be to lead the traditional armistice ceremony in paris .
south africa 's say government will look into report on zimbabwe 's " which serious . earlier this week " rangel say country be buy the weapon to strengthen its national and the purchase not concern . he be hop the asean nation can convince rangoon to let return to burma " which he last in 2004 . twelve nepalese soldier fly into the central town of el - obeid " of the main center for aid agency work in the south . murray oust third - seed american ginepri 04-jun " 06-apr " 06-mar .
earlier this week " israeli benjamin netanyahu announce israel will be cooperate with probe into the flotilla order united nation ban ki - moon . pakistan and there be operation go on in the area would into pakistan . helens secure the point they need in the last game of the season at road to their first and their first double 1966 . the post quote three official " speak on condition of anonymity " as say the white be look for material to strengthen its argument the 62-year - old elbaradei be retire . western nation fear iran will use the enrichment process to develop nuclear weapon .
say many fear the u.s. economy be close to not already in . 4 . pauline davis bahamas young 9 0 8 19 3 official say the have cost $ billion . in recent " have firm in many sector " petroleum " communication " electricity " agriculture banking .
the typhoon kill person in taiwan before it hit china 's . find guilty " blonska would be strip of and could be subject to lifetime ban . as " mutharika have some economic improvement . he say psg mate now play for english premier newcastle be influential in move to scotland . journalist in kenya and abroad be urge mwai kibaki to legislation could require to news source .
germans could find out next will be 's coalition talk between gerhard schroeder and conservative . have say the u.s. respect the sovereignty of iran " and be not interfere in its affair . george w. of the main under discussion be how to make more to the concern of the member country . somali pirate seize more than 40 ship during 2008 " of dollar in ransom .
pakistani army the news agency helicopter could fly in quake - stricken kashmir because of rain cloud . unq unq in with in " garang say sudan people liberation army would be alongside african union . of " bible reading prayer follow . " he have be clear .
iraqi be struggle to an agreement on constitution before deadline " as hundred march to demand for government . embrace many of the recommendation from the investigate the september 11 attack " the say the legislation present clear and towards need intelligence reform . the united nation report heavy fight between ugandan rebel and joint u.n .- congolese force in the eastern democratic republic of . three u.s. marines and three iraqi civilian be wound . meanwhile " " yanukovych " .
the number of people sign for unemployment slightly - to total of " - last week . an agreement make with india during trip " to share civilian nuclear energy technology in for india its nuclear program in line with the international atomic energy agency iaea . 9 . lamont smith u.s. 3 9 10 they say the date of takemura 's would be determine official .
oil - import nation say more oil would help ease price " official say the be - supply with crude . indonesians be 's recent on several hundred thousand migrant worker from indonesia . berlusconi say have summon the american in rome for explanation of the . zoellick be expect to be as world bank next month . in this small " landlocked economy " subsistence agriculture occupy approximately 70 of the population .
the company have organise regular auction of its share to create orderly in the paper . the increase be drive record - oil price which time of barrel on july 3 . central division publish picture on of daniel ducruet princess stephanie of 's husband bodyguard cavort naked with woman in . ant " go to river to drink " fall in " be in the stream .
the world disagree shower more than 80 national and international honour on the or jewel of india the country 's civilian award . au official say the will last several week . the on the internet show man wear u.s. uniform . the iranian say the allegation be an attempt to affect the board 's decision . the white say want to personally welcome sarah shourd to the follow more than long detention .
hansen the record of until japanese smash it nearly on june 7 . -docstart- das have be accuse of spy in the past . in senate he be as " prairie populist " work on legislation protect farmer price on compensate sicken agent orange spray in the vietnam war . the group amnesty international say china be fast emerge as of the world 's big " most irresponsible arm exporter .
three woman be those kill . official say the pipeline will have the capacity to pump 14 cubic meter of natural gas daily from colombia to . day tally for the first entry in the series . china say its trade with africa surge 43 percent during the first 11 month of this . u.n. - kofi annan help broker peace deal - sharing agreement between kibaki and raila odinga .
rescue be continue to search the rubble for survivor . feyenoord jean - van gastel be name to make debut in the squad . he own goat just sufficient food to keep alive " feed the stranger more in the hope of entice to stay with of make own . the have end blockade on government building . u.s. embassy in jakarta 700 km 430 mile west of the tuesday morning attack .
-docstart- the u.n. resident coordinator in tajikistan " michael jones " launch the appeal to provide relief to the thousand the 7 flash flood in the town of surround district . kosovo lawmaker be expect to consider the nomination week . force undertake the to insurgent from the province near the pakistani . zimbabwe 's rule have suspend senior official from for five " expose unprecedented struggle within zanu pf .
north korea say it have send its diplomat to " amid of attempt to ease tension on the korean peninsula . as 's george dwyer report the film be offer viewer some important " and transformation . thousand of moslem refugee denounce 's as farce on sunday because serb would be able to vote in old town cement partition of the country . he say voter registration in north - central iraq be up 17 percent " which translate to " 4 voter . relative of the marines kill have grief and anger " some for to withdraw the from iraq " while other say the death only reaffirm support for the war .
the theory attempt to how people strategic decision on matter range from trade dispute war to such as theater seat . china parliament have legislation the country basis attack the island move toward declare independence . moura physically verbally provoke cyprien during the match . in the third vote meri 52 vote . result of scottish third
between turks kurds have increase the kurdistan worker " pkk " yearlong cease - fire in . dividend payable october 8 burma be as province of india until 1937 when it become " self - govern colony independence from the commonwealth be attain in 1948 . the island in recent have suffer serious loss of population because of emigration to zealand . democratic atambayev address supporter be name on .
" have pay too for mix " tapie say . " turkey previously find people test for flu " three child from the same family in village near van last week . deputy governor have be shoot and wound in the late violence to hit strife - tear southern thailand . the man be sentence to lengthy jail term on charge they with the to overthrow fidel . they want more job and from in return for region 's natural resource .
houston chicago 4 11 more of the case have occur in public school . mexican force have be engage in brutal struggle the country 's drug cartel . say have double - standard in effort to fight harbor want criminal . abduction follow cairo 's egypt would become the first nation to establish full diplomatic with iraq 's government .
during trip " the pope repeatedly refer to the sexual abuse scandal have wrack the u.s. . he be expect to meet with before travel to hiroshima . fight between suspect taleban rebel and u.s .- coalition and have seven insurgent dead " while rebel attack on clinic doctor and six colleague dead . the sport daily l'equipe have name swiss tennis its " of " for 2005 . jankovic " paramilitary have be fugitive for more than five " turn himself in to bosnian serb authority sunday in the town of .
jackson 's lawyer have the credibility of the 's mother " say she file false income tax return and try to extort money from other celebrity . authority be concerned violence angry supporter in pakistan will spill across the into india . british john perry " be the of the council " say representative of 15 member nation will visit kosovo later this month . negroponte accuse of spending of dollar on what he extravagant foreign " at the expense of the people . you be true example for the nation " he say .
private sector initiative and financial sector be in the stage of development . indian opener singh sidhu be on sunday ban from international cricket for quit this 's of the of india say . the charge kill iraqi policeman . will the u.s. gulf coast sunday as the region continue to clean - from hurricane katrina . last week " peru recall its to japan japanese consular official in chile fujimori in jail .
judge at the tribunal in the hague " in split decision " haradinaj to in such activity u.n. administrator in kosovo approve participation on case - - case basis . be up from 42 percent in 2009 . frederic score the fourth goal when he tap in rebound just from time . colombia be the world 's large producer of cocaine " most of which be ship to the united . in the rule last the sec while technology have improve practice still work good interest .
in the offer the name would retain to litigation he say . the remark it be " dishonest and reprehensible " for some u.s. to say purposely mislead the american people into the iraq war . there be just so much rid on it . pakistani official say the suspect mastermind of the plot uncover in london last week to blow u.s .- bind airplane be hide in mountainous region of northeastern afghanistan . morning " when the command hear on the radio be expect just noon " he send the band scramble to the flight line with instrument .
long - term prospect will depend on world oil price " the location of oil and gas pipeline in the region " and azerbaijan 's ability to manage its energy wealth to promote sustainable growth in - energy sector of the economy and spur employment . on per capita basis " income have stagnate at level . friday " the world health - - old girl have become the 23rd person in indonesia to of the h5n1 of flu . 69 cocere raymond russell allenby say he other people with minor injury be be treat at the scene .
arrival auction trader unfortunately for " japan have ban the on public street . some policeman be take position on the roof . senior official have say hayden be name to replace " announce on friday . they say oil price be due to the dollar 's in value " compare to other currency " investment in commodity .
the on loss be base on government survey of ten of thousand of household . this 's session be attend more than thousand advisor from across the country . royal down " official say salim al - would replace . say only what many other country believe " complain last week what describe as the almost use of force . snow " freeze rain " wind record low temperature in europe be claim life for travel across the continent .
germany alexander cejka germany hal sutton lehman have be in struggle with hamas the militant group take control of the palestinian authority earlier this . it be chair nobel peace winner retire archbishop desmond tutu . he say even he have minor evidence " he would have punish . allawi say have discover new mass grave contain 500 .
allawi be the first to officially announce candidacy " appeal to the country 's diverse ethnic and religious group . taiwan chen shui - bian recently raise cross - strait tension scrap guideline and group dedicated to taiwan 's eventual unification with mainland china . official there say the 15-year - old girl 's death bring to 73 the number of people in indonesia have from the h5n1 strain . : " ve have all sort of protest at the head and the 's . local police say the explosion in rawalpindi to be attack .
meanwhile " the interfax news agency on sunday quote an yukos board member as say law enforcement agency be conduct late - night search of the and of dozen of and middle - level yukos manager . the u.s. say discover wood and an iraqi hostage during routine search operation in baghdad . the iranian mock what he call 's desire to attack iran " say the u.s. will not be able to harm " even centimeter " of the country . the chinese offer new 's greeting to people in taiwan " and say would seek peaceful with the island " which china regard as territory . at trent bridge : nottinghamshire 392 - g. archer 143 not
" the for security and cooperation in europe shock at the attack and say it expect swift . the west say iran be secretly try to develop nuclear weapon . java be computer programming language introduce sun in which have capture the attention of the industry for its ability to across virtually computer system in secure manner . omar dismiss and pakistani official to tribal council on of to end the violence . radio report iranian - bear katsav speak in native with iranian mohammad khatami .
critic across the spectrum say the plan be from democracy . ues official say last week the board have not yet approve the final version of its application to the u.s. security and to adr . " the girl say they go to belgium voluntarily and the police suspect they be use to in pornographic film . " the be trigger when hamas security force try to stop protest policeman demand the payment of salary from the hamas - lead government . cuban fidel have at special session of parliament for the first time 2006 " when he cede to young " raul .
the york times say of condoleezza iraq 's jalal talabani on friday to urge the government be as as . income statement datum : while 's scientist some for month carry on develop of wheat resistant to ukraine 's extreme continental climate say the lack of cash in ukraine 's agricultural sector be as as the drought . earlier today " the iraqi meet with iranian foreign manouchehr mottaki and he assure tehran u.s .- iraq agreement will not harm iran . the death toll from the cyclone be " 3 .
the number of passenger remain " witness say the boat be overcrowded with at least people . jerusalem 1996 - 08 - 25 taleban militant have attack convoy in southern afghanistan " kill to 13 guard wound other work for private firm . the pact be initially approve discussion between peruvian garcia " democrats in force u.s. official to reopen negotiation add labor environmental provision . colombian police have parcel bomb deliver to the of lawmaker with alvaro .
damascus insist it have role in the murder . scotland manager brown say on thursday : " ve watch duncan ferguson in twice recently 's bang in . think probably the decision to be to be take it would probably be municipal .. as the tsunami disaster in south asia continue to unfold " of people be turn to the internet for news update - to search for miss relative . the foreclosure have worsen despite effort some lender the government to help borrower manage mortgage .
fox be address special meet of the utah legislature . official in ivory coast say at least people have be kill group of armed man attack police in the country 's main city . national shopping group " . " report friday 's total sale at $ 8 billion " down percent from last . 129 karlsson sweden 67 62 china cuba have sign agreement as chinese hu jintao continue to havana .
sachin mark debut as indian captain with patient 110 on be opener sanath jayasuriya whose 120 steer the world to nine - wicket singer cup . first division summary on result from the niger 's parliamentary " " have not be announce . of japan " the " zealand " singapore " germany " and other nation around the globe have condemn the attack . -docstart-
he say he will not tolerate medium outlet support effort to remove him from . taliban " yousuf ahmadi " the news agency taliban militant carry out the attack and kill american soldier and several police . some " 30 protester march through the city for hour " urge the government to parliament and punish those responsible for last 's cripple protest . they be believe to have be carry out u.s. - control aircraft . and democratic - nominee joseph lieberman be republican john mccain 's bid .
kharrazi speak to reporter at the hague " say the two fail to resolve the impasse friday " then tehran " will have choice " to restart its enrichment program . for iraq 's government have call " mainly sunni and kurdish group " to postpone the country 's first national . the majority in the u.s. of representative turn himself in to authority thursday to charge of money launder and conspiracy . in report last week " u.n. kofi annan warn the area could attract more armed group " and rebel try to destabilize government in the region . california baltimore 0
mushtaq c crawley b mullally u.n. official say burma government have to let outside donor pay local company in dollar rather than via the official foreign certificate . once the center of the caribbean slave trade " curacao be the abolition of slavery in 1863 . unemployment remain outdated infrastructure have constrain growth . north korea say the have conduct flight over the country this month .
accord to the united nation the fight have displace " people . u.n. - kofi annan have the until december 15 . the united nation be begin formal inquiry into the assassination of pakistani benazir . the girl suffer from " " on the side of condition have only be report few time in journal the st. child 's hospital say . " do not have money for fertiliser be in debt for fuel and be borrow diesel " odnosum say .
although more than half of be generate through the sector " 45 of bangladeshis be employ in the agriculture sector " with as the single - most - important product . the united and china have annual talk on economic " with seek to china 's economy and financial . last week " agree to buy control in the country 's large private electric company . mccormack say be to meet with british gordon brown and british foreign miliband . kathmandu 1996 - 08 - 27
the death toll from violence in sudan follow the death of rebel john have surpass 100 . for & . while seek to avoid the because do not want to become the . the nine - member council have approve 30 for the first round of . the accuse be the suspect of the spanish al - qaida cell - - bear imad .
earlier " warn the price of oil would soar the united take iran . colombia be of the three country emerge from the collapse of gran colombia in 1830 the other be ecuador and . authority say death have be report in several region " the province of and . nikolai warn have the ability to resume build and short - range missile the kremlin drop out of arm treaty with the united . authority find sign near some of the read : " for every of mine you kill " will kill 10 . "
somalia 's transitional government have sign multi - dollar deal with maritime firm to fight piracy . white scott mcclellan say friday the will briefly meet with in the colombian resort town of cartagena on november 22 . mohammad dahman of the - base prisoner support association say he be on tuesday be charge . he move to jordan in 2004 . the dominant continue to be the relationship between china - specifically the of 's eventual status - as as economic reform .
burns and saran be to continue talk on friday . official with the united nation environmental program say tuesday local on island in the northern part of the archipelago complete move inland in august . make irish to northern ireland peace process be force to drop ballybunion from pack schedule at the last . rebel in eastern sudan say government war plane have be bombing rebel area near the with eritrea " wound several people . - seed ivan ljubicic of have break spaniard moya 's on the tennis tournament the - time 07-jun " 06-feb in the match in india .
ntawukulilyayo be arrest in in 2007 and later to the u.n. detention facility in to charge . three wound be in satisfactory condition in hospital . palestinian have fire three security official militant break the ceasefire he with and fire at settlement in the strip . report thursday from the commerce show the deficit at $ billion in april " slight increase from the month . he say south africa be there " do not bother to observe the properly .
the seek the death at the trial in baghdad ali hassan al - majid the other official . do not say the arrest take place . mixed " gain in hong kong . relief agency official say sunday the air control lose contact with the aircraft friday as it into airspace not long take from peshawar " pakistan . swiss grand world cup cycling race on sunday :
the official xinhua news agency say register more than " 22 new vehicle in the first day of this . eighth seed jim courier withdraw because of bruise knee and 1988 champion bow out due to groin organiser say . almere netherlands 1996 - 08 - 28 in 2010 " the senegalese people protest frequent . white say disapprove of what lead broadcaster say israeli ariel sharon .
the u.n. have adopt resolution condemn abuse in sudan 's troubled darfur region . " 7 u.n. peacekeeper have be to widespread violence in haiti . " iraq 's say box from the january 30th vote ne to be recount and it be not ready to announce the final result " which be expect today . as editor of the tal " he have be steady critic of the government . gutierrez have be at the 's ouster on .
reserve greenspan write in memoir to be on he be " it be politically to acknowledge what everyone know - the iraq war be largely oil . " say the be design to bolster brown 's credential to tony blair " have say he plan to down within the next . hamas cleric jail in hospitalise briefly . be an increase of 30 cent liter in the past . never soar aloft on an enemy 's .
be the late senior official in 's government to . the uk in " hong kong be cede china the follow various adjacent land be add later in the 19th century . feather be down . however " take " strategy have exacerbate racial and economic tension between the population of the andean west and the - community of the eastern lowland . building frequently collapse in egypt because of maintenance and construction in violation of regulation .
meet the in march " agree to begin negotiation on trade agreement . it in tonne of british mutton percent of overall import . authority believe the be kidnap iraqi soldier . the attack take place late friday in the district of western farah province . sponsorship of the be boom " as company seek 1.3 billion the world large .
preval be of haiti from 1996 to 2001 . be expect to question from the panel on the 's on iran " which be grow international pressure to abandon its controversial nuclear program . have strongly criticize the british for say respect the rule of the international community . nato - jaap hoop scheffer say the number of will increase from its current level of 60 to . domestic and international effort to mediate resolution to the crisis have not yield deal as of mid april .
ruch chorzow - on aggregate croft c ijaz ahmed b south korea 's government tuesday unveil so - call green job creation plan " expect to create " 9 job . it be an anxious time for the family of several western hostage be in iraq - they be await news on the of love . british quote britain 's in baghdad as say the first - out of british from iraq could begin in matter of month " with final withdrawal mid-2008 .
11 . johnny herbert britain sauber police lead the operation " arrest bulgarian national in italy " " " and germany . the anti - drug in kabul with nation expert the opium pose to afghanistan and surround nation . old mathematician never they just lose some of function . phil spector " pop producer famed for " wall of sound " technique " be accuse of the fatal 2003 shoot of lana clarkson .
august 24th schedule accord to the electoral " akitani - bob just over 38 percent of the vote . police official say the attack occur in iskandariyah " 60 south of baghdad . the law " which would authority to deport extremist " the july 7 bombing in london kill 52 people . recep tayyip the statement tuesday during campaign appearance in southern turkey .
musharraf have earlier say country do not plan to into its defense budget to increase fund for relief effort . the council approve death sentence last month . - moshe 10th nissan 26th know what will in the later stage ? " thiel have manage to get most of the 100 1948 to attend the meet which be be in the stadium where owens gold 60 ago at the berlin .
group subsequently single out poland and romania as site for such facility . as result of heavy spending from the fund " the government virtual bankruptcy . it dog have get of meat and be carry it in mouth to eat it in peace . the 58-year - old singer / songwriter - three ago earn slot in the rock and roll hall of fame - don " michael " irving " bobby " and in the class of 2007 . of the virus have be hit flock throughout asia " and more than people in asia have from exposure to the virus 2003 .
the bank earlier warn profit growth would slow in the half the increase momentum in profit growth in the period of and increase investment . in the city kill at least 80 people " mostly " in reprisal for rioting christians in nigeria 's largely muslim north . reserve $ mln jul + + + - in toronto pat toss five - hitter for fifth consecutive complete game and three player drive in run apiece as the toronto blue jays the minnesota twin - for ninth in 11 game .
greek last " be to the european union under complicated set of rule for the divide island . iranian lawmaker say supreme ayatollah ali khamenei play role in parliament 's approval thursday of nominee for ahmadinejad 's cabinet . defense anatoly hrytsenko say thursday 700 of ukraine 's more than " in iraq could be withdraw april . authority in greece have send riot police to tourist attraction after strike government worker shut down the for day . . steve brown u.s.
in similar last month " bomber strike police forensic lab in baghdad " kill 22 people . in 2005 " the government hydrocarbon law impose significantly royalty and require foreign firm then under risk - share contract to surrender production to the energy company in for service fee . - - old nick on the reality tv show know best with father " mother " and sister . niger 's government say it will compensate farmer $ 1.8 " franc for every destroy when the cull process begin . nicolas sarkozy have say repeatedly largely - muslim turkey be offer privileged partnership rather than full membership .
" be in syria for landmark talk with syrian bashar al - assad to plan for future peace effort with . say the in 2001 have put $ billion into the hand of american citizen . the united state have offer to european talk with iran it first agree to suspend enrichment . ukrainian authority say 19 people " child " be dead and at least 24 be miss an explosion at an apartment build in the crimean resort town of yevpatoria . estonia 's parliament fail for time to elect on tuesday deal blow to incumbent lennart meri and push the country towards stalemate in its choice of head of state .
the footage " air tv station sunday " show clementina wrap in blanket " between man point assault rifle at head . the be lead illinois republican hyde " of the international relation committee . u.s .- lead coalition force in afghanistan say kill 24 taleban fighter in seven - hour in the country 's restive south . " be very expensive there be to our problem on the horizon " say odnosum . official be investigate survey the as the char truck together at the .
play on : the attack at hotel more than people dead " and greatly fear the country 's security . the son of u.s. " dodd be elect to the of representative in 1974 " and serve three term before to the senate in . the international of have affirm decade - old treaty grant colombia three small island in the caribbean . american actor jolie and be donate $ to sanctuary in namibia " where they spend christmas with child .
the deputy of the central command " lt .- . lance " friday " the number of additional would depend on the situation follow the assault on " would " probably be additional brigade 's worth of force " -- to several thousand soldier . - first division summary . ibrahim al - jaafari 's condemn the abuse depict in the image first television this week . brussels 1996 - 08 - 28 government the charge .
chela need three hour and 41 and five set to of switzerland " 04-jun " 06-feb " 07-jun " 01-jun " 06-apr . for last 's quarter which end july 29 best loss of $ 7.1 or $ per share on sale of $ . san diego 3 york 10 george promise to lift trade restriction now north korea submit the declaration . the fast - grow on - line gaming sector of the industry could boost revenue attract large audience and for longer time .
burma in 2008 be strike nargis " which claim over " dead ten of thousand injure homeless . sk 3 3 4 in other play " of of the czech republic " " . thousand of people be kill in the conflict . have the business to assistance effort already .
poll find most disapprove of the presence of american in country " be optimistic this week 's and the country 's future . on friday " u.s. of condoleezza concern extremist force and syria and iran be try to destabilize . the obelisk be take from take from the city of axum in 1937 order of dictator benito mussolini during italy 's brief occupation of ethiopia . have blockade the palestinian territory for three " the militant group hamas seize from the moderate government . police on horseback charge into crowd of angry british student demonstrate in central london on thursday to protest university hike .
during 2010 " canada 's economy grow only 3 " due to decrease demand value canadian dollar . - hal sutton through 11 in statement " the public council condolence to the family of the to the british people . the 's the " absurd . " meanwhile " iraqi kurdish " shi'ite be meet today in 11th - hour effort to agree on constitution ahead of night deadline .
in an publish in the daily " colonel say in troubled uruzgan province recently have be in six with insurgent . " bernd " for nato 's international security assistance force " isaf " civilian driver should behave so they can not be mistaken for . japanese concern be raise scene of mob violence at match in pyongyang between iran and north korea on . four soldier be wound in the attack . earlier " spokeswoman lt . col . say steele be take into custody month ago " and be be at detention facility in kuwait await hear to determine he should - martial .
the ministry of agriculture say the late outbreak kill total of " prompt health official to cull more than " 30 . the psa say 80 percent of the country 's servant take in the strike which be rare to mugabe have be in independence from britain in . dole 's plan be " - economic .... it 's warm - over plan fail drive our economy into ditch . university of michigan survey of hundred of household show the steep monthly drop in consumer on record in october . clear lot of thing .
the identity of person will light the cauldron on friday remain tightly guard secret . kidnapper abduct hassan last month and on britain to withdraw its from iraq . police say car bomb go near traffic police station few kilometer from where british gordon brown meet with iraqi official . more than 360 worshipper in stampede during the stone ritual ago . official have consistently to talk with maskhadov " they and accuse of attack civilian .
iran say it will talk with the united next week on security in iraq . china say be the big to the . the of " " be visit honduras and nicaragua to regional cooperation and energy deal . police have arrest more suspect in connection with july 's train bombing in mumbai formerly know as kill nearly people and wound more than 800 other . hear will be through starbuck store and other retailer .
the official believe the explode prematurely suspect the rebel revolutionary armed force of colombia farc be the plot . -docstart- -docstart- official say car bomb roadside bomb explode as the convoy through predominantly neighborhood sara . john roberts support the execution proceed .
lead prize money romania 's main have call for repeat of sunday 's first round of and parliamentary " allege widespread electoral fraud . and prominent democratic official fear an fight between and could lead to depressed turnout democratic voter in the . of the 26 " meet in brussels " condemn terrorism in its and reaffirm nato 's determination to combat terrorism and the 's value of freedom " tolerance and democracy . meanwhile " u.s. soldier fire warn shot outside the u.s. headquarters at bagram air base tuesday " where several hundred afghans to demand the of eight villager arrest in an overnight raid .
authority in the northern indian of pradesh say at least 11 people be kill sunday afternoon when bus pack with passenger veer road and plunge into canal . international and egyptian group have criticize egyptian prison " police station and detention center for what they say be widespread brutality and . the official china daily report plan have be draw up to the subway network to 19 line where it will all corner of china 's capital city . howard say " prior to 2005 " the u.s. defense have restrict access to vital information on iraq . dr. molina have be petition the cuban government to to travel to argentina to son " life in exile there .
under the original term of the compact of association " the us provide $ 1.3 billion in grant aid during the period 1986 - 2001 the level of aid have be subsequently . medium report say will not the work visa of some - base al - jazeera employee " the network 's will have less access to news briefing . glamorgan first forfeit 273 - h. morris the nation development program have name spanish actor antonio bandera as goodwill in the fight . 4 0 4 3
it source for the report . religious be to the government . earlier report drop in net profit abnormal to a$ for the from a$ the . shi'ite be divide over the . opinion poll indicate socialist democrat adrian nastase and bucharest mayor traian basescu - the nominee of the and truth - head the of 12 candidate .
hamas unleash intensive mortar strike on settlement earlier in the week after israeli soldier kill several militant . official of junior partner " the union of democrats " say its be consider withdrawal from the cabinet . state medium quote china 's with taipei tang as visit group from taiwan on it be time for the to talk . visit karzai thank iran for build the $ 60 million highway and emphasize the of war - tear afghanistan will help its neighbor . first - half goal from native daniel bennett and give singapore the lead .
in its report on the aids epidemic " the world say the spread of hiv be stabilize in of india 's " overall it be still rise . poultry farmer have say they have lose of dollar from people because of flu fear . cote d'ivoire be the world 's large producer exporter of cocoa bean producer exporter of coffee oil . bangkok 1996 - 08 - 29 radical shi'ite cleric moqtada al - sadr in jordan today for talk with other official in .
the good intention will not always ensure success . petersburg 24 9 4 11 24 26 31 -docstart- india be in armed force police " build road " school " " " dig support trade . the be due to standoff between the - western govern coalition saad al - - michael .
in to meet in algiers " annan say within the next few day he expect to report on fact - find mission into the february 14th kill . the group accuse of fail to stop people from damage several mass graf in the war - tear country . nimeiri to in coup in 1969 and serve for 16 until he too be oust coup in 1985 while visit the united state . those talk resume sunday with from each meet to 's condition for hand over the city . 's trade with poland rise to $ in 1995 from $ in 1994 .
news friday lopez obrador say would keep fight would campaign from jail cell have to . flu have kill three people in turkey 79 in east asia 2003 . raid have continue despite mediation effort libyan moammar gadhafi . southern iraq be rich in oil . thaksin government be expect to be swear in on .
